Of mice and men alternate endingPrologue
"I like softs things" said Lennie "me too,sometimes,when I'm brushin my hair,I just play with it,cos it's so soft,you can touch it if you like''. "BONNIE WHAT THE HELL ARE YA DOIN" "n-n-othing,curly,I was jusss'' ''Cut the crap,I know what your doin woman,get out,ill deal with you later''. Curly spat venomously. "now it's time to deal with you boy' 'Curly pulled his pistol from his belt ….. He pulled the trigger... Lennie dropped to the ground... Dead.
…. 3YEARS LATER…...
It was a beautiful April day,the sky was blue without a single cloud in sight,there was a slow spring breeze softening the hot mid -day sun. A soft,silvery voice rang out from the front porch of the small man- built farmhouse.
Hush-a-bye,don't you cry,Go to sleepy little baby.When you wake,you shall have,all the pretty little horses.
Blacks and bays,dapples and greys,go to sleepy you little baby. 
A tall,dark haired young man emerged from the house "hey uh sis,there's a phone call inside for ya" "if its mama tell her I aint home" "it's not mama,its some guy says his name is Frank O'Malley. The young woman sprung up from her perch on the old woven rocking chair,careful not to wake the sleeping infant in the cradle beside her. "If Audrey wakes up and starts fussin give her,the bottle,that's on the table". The phone call took half an hour,forty-five minutes at the most,it was now close to 4 o'clock,slim figured,as he heard the old rusty Junker that belonged to his brother-in-law. A voice rung out "anybody home,where are my girls?'' the young woman exited the house her ginger hair pulled up in a messy bun,she wiped her hands on her blue and white checkered apron."Hey baby" "what smells so good,honey?'' "I'm makin a pie" '' what's goin on,the last time you were makin a pie,and it was to tell me that I was goin to be a daddy." … "Well I got a call earlier,while you were in town…I got the part,I'm gonna be on Broadway". George picked up his wife and twirled her around "you got the part,oh bonnie that's amazing" he kissed his wife. "Ya'll really got to do all that mushy crap out here'' '' SHUT IT SLIM".
The lights were blaring,the house was full,and it was bonnie's time to shine,she was finally getting her happily ever after.
Somewhere over the rainbowWay up high,There's a land that I heard ofOnce in a lullaby.
Somewhere over the rainbowSkies are blue,And the dreams that you dare to dreamReally do come true.
Someday I'll wish upon a starAnd wake up where the clouds are farBehind me.
The end
