In light of 'Of Mice and Men' being taught for the last time this June in GCSE English Literature exams in Britain,rather it will be taught at Year 9 level instead,after 20 years of being on the English Literature GCSE syllabus,here is a small tribute to my absolute favourite book of all time.
This scene is set shortly after George and Lennie meet Curley in Chapter 2 of the novella. 
"George?"
The man turned his head as he lay in his bunk dozing to see Lennie crouched down anxiously beside him. "George?"
"What's the matter,Lennie? Huh?" George sat up and swung his legs over his bed. He frowned as Lennie buried his face in George's trousers. "Hey?"
"I'ma scared,George. I'ma scared." The big man was shaking in fear.
"Wha' of?" George asked him.
"That mean man."
"Ya mean Curley?"
"Uhuh." Lennie shook his head in confirmation.
"Now,ya listen to me,Lennie. If that guy ever comes in 'ere,ya go straight to the other side of the room. Ya hear me?"
"But,George,what if you's isn't there?" Lennie asked him worriedly.
"I'll be there,Lennie. I promise." George patted his shoulder reassuringly.
"You will,George?"
"I promise. Now go scrub up - you look like hell."
Lennie scarpered off to the bathroom hurriedly.
"Make sure you wash your hands with soap,Lennie!" George called out after him.
"I will,George! I promise! I-I-I am,George!" Lennie replied quickly over the sound of running water.
"You better be!"
Lennie came out and held out his big bear-paw hands for inspection. "See? I washed 'em good,George!"
"Good boy,Lennie!" George praised him appreciatively. "You're getting' good at rememberin' things,ain't ya? Before you know it,you can tend them rabbits in no time,can't ya?"
"I'll tend 'em good,George! I will!" Lennie cried out loudly.
"Hush now,Lennie. No yellin'." George told him firmly. "Now,le's go and get something to eat before them other guys get all that's left."
"I done good,right,George?" Lennie asked cautiously,grabbing a hold of the smaller man's arm for reassurance.
"Sure. You're a good boy,Lennie."
"I get to tend them rabbits,don't I,George?"
"Yeah,yeah,'course ya do,ya crazy bastard! Now le's go get some food!"
George walked out of the bunkhouse,and Lennie trotting,as always,faithfully and devotedly behind him.
