It was an accident the first time.
Just a little accident.
They didn't mean to squish together!
They were just scared.
Big,bad men were attacking the school,they wanted to help,and everyone said that two heads were better than one right?
But... then why was their teacher calling them freaks? Why were they being shunned right now? Why did all the grownups glare at them?
A few minutes ago,they were everyone's favorite! Sweet and smart and kind they always said.
But now,even though they only wanted to help,they were shunned...despised...neglected.Why? What did we do wrong? Why doesn't Sister Emily let us play anymore? Are we bad? Did we do something wrong? Why isn't anyone nice to us anymore? Are we freaks?
The second time,it wasn't an accident.
They were so lonely.
Only their mother acknowledged them now,all their former friends were warned away from them by their parents.
They only had their small family;them and their mother.
No one else even said hello to them anymore.
Their mom was getting stressed,something was happening at work. She wasn't home as often,working all the hours she could to be able to move out of the country.
It was scary. They couldn't go outside anymore,it was dangerous. they were scared,and lonely,and wanted to feel the closeness they had had when they melded that first time.
So,they melded together,their small bodies becoming see through,their minds and powers mixing into something,someone new.
As time passed,they slowly started spending more and more time as one person instead of two. One day,when they finally moved,they decided. And when they changed,they decided to never change back to what they had been before.
When they moved to the Temple,they had already told their mother that they didn't want to be two people anymore. She didn't allow it.
"I know that it's painful,and hard,and you two just want to be someone else right now,but it won't help in the long run." she said. "You'll start to become dependent on being one person,and eventually not know how to function when you're apart. I don't want that for you." Our chests clenched,didn't she get it?! It hurt too much being Caelum and Ceres! They didn't want it anymore.
Her face had softened then. "Let's make a deal then,if you can't deal with it after three months,I'll let you go to lessons as one person. During the three months though,you can only meld at home okay?"
We looked at each other,questioning. Ana? Alex asked quietly. What do you think? I hummed a bit in my throat. Let's try it out. He smiled,relieved. Okay!
