Beep beep beep. You alarm goes off,it's moving day. "Ugg,mom why dowe have to move. All my friends arehere.",you say. "Because I gota job opportunity for us in NewYork City.",your mom says. You eat breakfast andget ready. You take on last look at your room before you close the door one last time.
~~~~ several hours later~~~~
You just arrived at the new house.
"Oh my goodness mom. I love the new house.",you say;Where's my new room.". "Your room is on the second floor facing the house west of us." your mom says. You say ok and go in your room and love it right away. You have a bay window. Your staringoutit when you notice a boy. He notices you and smiles. He opens his window and you open yours. "Hi I am y/n,I just moved in." You say. " Hi I am Jacob Sartorius"he says. You develop a crush on him right away. " Want to go to shopping I canshow you around . " Jacob says. You say sure and go downstairs to get the rest of your boxes.
You hear a knock on your door. "That must be Jacob." you say. "Who the hell's Jacob?",your mom asks. "He's our neighbor and offered to show me around. And can I borrow $30 for shopping?" Your mom says yes and you go out with Jacob. You have anamazingtime. Jacob invites you to hang out at his house for dinner. You go over there. They Ordered Yourfavorite kind of pizza and you go up to Jacobs room. You are taken off guard when Jacob asks you out. You say yes not knowing that Jacobisleaving for tour intwo weeks.
~~~~two weeks later~~~~
"Where are you going?",you ask Jacob the night before he leaves for tour. " Babe I meant to tell you earlier,I didn't want to upset you. Things were going great.",Jacob says. " I know that,Jakey I'mreallydisappointed youtold me at the last
minute.",you say disappointed. "I'm leaving tomorrow lets stop fighting,it's our last day together for two months." Jacob says. " Wait I have an idea. How about you come on tour with me." Jacob says.

"Jacob that's a great idea! I'm homeschooled so I can do school when I get back.",you say.
