Ben shifted in his chair and cracked his stiff knuckles,then took his mug of cider and drained the last of it. He wondered if he should get another one.
It was Saturday evening at the King's Head Tavern in Williamsburg,Virginia,in the year 1781. Ben sat beside his good friend Walter,and Walter's cousin,Will. "About time you finished that,Will and I are on our third one already. I didn't take you for a nursemaid,the way you've been nursing that cider." Walter spoke,grinning.
Ben shrugged. "I'll get another. Calm yourselves." He raised his hand to signal to the barmaid,and in doing so,felt a twinge in his side. He had been discharged from the army a year prior after being thrown from a horse. Besides suffering a broken arm,medics told him that he likely had cracked several ribs. The orders came down two weeks later to have him officially discharged,and sent back to his parents' house in Yorktown. To Ben,this was a relief;while he was proud to have served the revolution he so believed in,he had been a soldier for three long years. He spent the next six months recuperating at his parents' house,not doing much of anything at first,then eventually helping around the house,then helping out at one of his father's stores. He was not sure what made him decide to write to the Merrimans to resume his apprenticeship,perhaps it was the way that his parents were looking at him.
The barmaid put another mug of cider in front of him,interrupting his thoughts. He took a sip and re-focused on Will and Walter's conversation.
"…my father will give me some money,I reckon,and I can open up my own workshop. But do you think they have need of a woodworker in Norfolk?"
"Don't know. I suppose if you are skilled enough,you will do fine." Walter replied. "I'm just wondering how much money will be left for me after my sister's wedding. It's going to be huge."
Ben allowed his mind to wander again. His apprenticeship would be over in a year and a half,and like Walter and Will,he should have been thinking about his future. The thought was slightly unsettling. Once,long ago,he would have been thrilled to be done with his apprenticeship,to have his freedom back,to be able to make more money,and to choose where he wanted to live. But truth be told,he was pretty happy to be back in Williamsburg with the Merrimans,working in Edward Merriman's store. Mr. Merriman himself was off helping the Continental Army,so most days he worked beside Felicity. He was grateful that Marcus was with them,as he still had trouble carrying heavy things and would be left with aching sides after a long day of attempts to do so.
"Oi,Pretty Lad! You're not keeping up!"
Ben turned to see Walter and Will both staring at him,and grinned. He raised his mug to them and drank half of it. The previous year had been good for apples,and the cider reflected it. The "pretty" comment lingered in his mind for a moment,and he studied his reflection in a mirror mounted on the wall. As he was growing up,he knew two things. First,his mother was a great beauty,and second,he looked like his mother. His jaw seemed a little too delicate,his cheekbones were too high,and his eyes were large with long lashes. As a final insult,his sister would endlessly tease him about his "girlish" lips. He didn't think much about it until his enlistment,in which the other recruits would tease him,referring to him as the "pretty lass." At least I'm tall. And,he thought,women always seem to give me a second look. 
His mind turned to Felicity,as it often did. With Felicity,Ben felt like he had never gone away. They went back to riding together,practicing their whistling (Felicity was fantastic at it),and talking about anything from serious to downright silly issues. He taught her how to swim,while she taught him how to play guitar. Many times they would just sit together while she read and he sketched,just enjoying each other's company. She was his best friend in Williamsburg.
But at the same time,there was no denying things were a little different. Felicity was seventeen now,and often took a leading role in running the household. So,not only was she a skilled shopkeeper,she cooked and served meals,sewed,took care of her younger siblings,and prepared Nan for the same role. Keeping Felicity busy was the wish of Martha Merriman,who saw the attention that her eldest daughter got,both good and bad,and was preoccupied with the fear that Felicity would get an (undeserved) bad reputation. Felicity was not able to leave the house without her mother inspecting her dress,whether it be to work in the store,or simply to go to the garden. Knowing her daughter was fond of nighttime adventures,Felicity's door was rigged to make noise when it swung open. Ben knew it was not Mrs. Merriman's intention to be cruel,or to make her daughter unhappy,but the Merrimans were a proud family and reputation was everything. Felicity understood this,and only asked for one thing:to be able to go riding with Ben,and that was good enough. The thought cheered Ben.
Mrs. Merriman's worries had basis in reality,as Felicity,who after a few awkward years (her words,not his),had become a very lovely young woman. She was tall and slender,with an alabaster complexion,bright green eyes,and long,fiery red hair. A customer once told Felicity that she looked like a faerie from the old Scottish tales,which to Ben,seemed very fitting.
All of these thoughts forced Ben to one final,unpleasant thought.
Joseph.
Joseph was Felicity's suitor. He was not just an apothecary,he was a trained physician. The fact that Felicity was in a courtship did not make any sense,it wasn't part of the script. He was easy enough to forget,as Felicity did not see him all that often and rarely spoke of him when she and Ben were together. But,the thought of him left an uneasy feeling in his stomach. He originally had thought that Edward Merriman was joking when he informed Ben that Felicity was courting,but both he and Felicity's mother,Martha,were quite pleased of this arrangement. Ben was acquainted with Joseph and had no quarrel with him,but there was something off about the man. And in the past,his gut instinct was usually correct. He couldn't for the life of him imagine spritely Lissie,his partner in crime,marrying and settling down. "Why Joseph?" He remembered asking Felicity a few times. The response he always received was "He is taller than me,and Mother and Father like him."
It was an unfortunate coincidence that Joseph was,in fact,sitting across the tavern with five of his friends,engaged in a card game. Ben purposefully avoided looking over,and turned back to Walter and Will. They were silent for the moment,then Walter asked him,"What about you,Ben? Any plans for when your apprenticeship is finished? You've been quiet tonight."
Ben heaved a sigh,suddenly feeling melancholy. "I don't know. I feel like the war took away all of my ambitions. I suppose I'll go back to Yorktown to see what my options are. It is possible that I may take over one of my families' stores,then decide from there. Who knows? Perhaps I do not want to be a shopkeeper anymore."
Will ignored Ben's last admission. "You recently returned from Yorktown,did you not? Why did you not just remain there?"
"I still had two years of my apprenticeship to keep,and I promised Mr. Merriman that I would return to serve out my time." Ben raised his mug of ale to the both of them,a wry half-smile on his face,and drank it down. He continued,"Mr. Merriman probably would have released me if I had asked;when we made the agreement I don't believe that he thought there would be a war,much less one that would last for years. I feel it was the right thing to do since he was always so patient with me. That,and I felt like it was time to leave Yorktown. My parents were getting that impatient look upon their faces,you are both probably familiar with it,you know the one that silently suggests that I should stop lying about the house and complaining about my ribs,and find a job,a house,a riding carriage,a girl…." He trailed off,missing the look exchanged between Walter and Will.
Walter spoke up. "Are…" he paused,searching for the word,"Are you going to be sad tonight? Perhaps we should talk about something different."
Ben ignored him,as he heard Felicity's name in conversation across the room. Joseph and his friends were still playing cards,but much of their attention was on the conversation.
"….she borrows my books without asking. I think that's actually stealing,but what do I know? She is always telling me that I know nothing."
Ben smiled,remembering the time when he walked into the Merriman house and saw Elizabeth sitting on Felicity's lap,giggling over what he later learned was a copy of the groundbreaking Grey's Anatomy. Upon seeing him,Elizabeth's face had rapidly drained of all color,and she leapt up with a squeal,"Felicity! You said no one would be home until evening!"
Felicity calmly replied "Calm yourself Elizabeth,'tis just Ben. He won't tell anyone. He probably does not care either." She looked straight at Ben,a half-smile quirking on her lips.
Ben looked over at the book,and realized it was open to what looked to be a very detailed diagram of a longitudinal section of male genitalia. His instinct was to positively flee the room,but Felicity's satisfied expression and comments were too much. It was almost like she was challenging him. Hell,she was! He stared back,and smirked when he noticed that she was blushing a little. "Getting an education ladies? What will your mothers' say about this?"
"Noooo,you wouldn't!" Wailed Elizabeth,wringing her hands.
Felicity coolly replied,"My mother knows that I'll be learning about this sooner or later. Particularly sooner if she has her wish."
Ben's smile faded when he remembered the seemingly resigned,bitter look in Felicity's eyes when she said this,and the implications behind the statement. Across the room,the conversation was taking a different turn. Ben noticed that Walter and Will had stopped to listen in.
"She does not have the patience for cleaning or sewing,and gets into arguments about,well," Joseph paused,searching for the words,"anything and everything! I often find myself wondering if she enjoys raising my temper."
I'm sure she does Ben thought,amused.
Joseph continued,"The other day I asked her to sing and play guitar while I studied,and she began with Nightingale,but then changed into a bawdy sailor's tune! It's just one thing after another!" He shook his head.
"Your mother and father like her." One of the other lads commented. Ben did not know this man's name,but noted that he always wore the same garish green vest.
Joseph snorted,"Of course they do. She turns on the perfect gentlewoman act in their presence and fools them all. But once they are gone,she is barefoot,ranting about women's rights and abolitionist views,or she is out riding,most likely astride. I don't know what kind of wife she will be,how will she teach our daughters to behave? The other day I was going through her handbag,I found a copy of Les Liaisons Dangerouses! I keep telling her to mind her behavior,but she doesn't seem to understand. It's always to hell with everyone when it comes to Felicity. In fact,she begged to come with me tonight,here to the tavern!"
Ben had never heard Joseph talk about Felicity,and did not like it. He knew now that his instinct about the man was correct. He was aware that there was some kind of unspoken rule,or code that men could complain in the tavern about women in confidence,but Ben at this moment felt no allegiance towards Joseph,only a growing sense of anger. Walter,who did not know any of this about Felicity,looked a little surprised. Yet,he made eye contact with Ben,and nodded.
"It sounds like you want to be shot of her." commented Green Vest,one eyebrow raised.
Joseph caught himself,and shook his head. "No,no,that's not true at all. She is my girl,and she is so beautiful. I just have to be more insistent. After all,I did convince her to court me." He grinned,all of his previous complaints seemingly forgotten.
"Arrogant prat." Ben muttered. Walter rolled his eyes.
The weasely-looking man in the group spoke for the first time. "Naw,this is what I think. It doesn't matter who their parents are and how they are brought up to be,some women just want to be tumbled."
Joseph shrugged noncommittally. The Weasel continued,"Come on,you know it. Just let me kiss her."
Ben stood up. His mind spun,and he didn't know if it was from that second mug of cider that was suddenly gone,or rage. He pointed at the Weasel,"Watch yourself,that's my Master's daughter,and my good friend that you are speaking so rudely about." Walter stood up next to him,and Ben smirked,continuing "Besides,she towers over you,you are such are short,squat little man."
Joseph at least had the decency to look abashed at his behavior. "Davidson." He acknowledged,"I was wondering when you would join us. Come sit down." There had been several attempts by Joseph to be friendly with Ben since he was close to Felicity,but Ben had never warmed up to him.
Ben did not move. Nor did he break eye contact with Joseph,who started to look uneasy. "Look,Davidson,I..."
The Weasel cut him off,and stood up. "Don't worry about Davidson. He comes back after years of being away,and finds the girl that used to be like his little sister,looking like a forest Venus de Milo nymph! I'm sure that his mind,not to mention other parts of him are just really,very confused."
By this point,the barmaids were listening in. Ben narrowed his eyes,and clenched his fists,feeling his fingernails digging into his palm. Walter touched his arm. The tavern owner spoke up,using her most commanding voice. "Lads,if you're going to have it out,please leave,or you will be thrown out and banned."
The Weasel stood up too,but walked around Ben,and up to the counter. "Don't worry about me Madam,I just would like another rum. And perhaps one for this pretty lass here." He swiftly pulled out a pocket knife and cut through Ben's hair tie. "I just love the way your hair frames your pretty,pretty face."
Surprised,Ben shoved the Weasel away,and received a not-so-powerful punch from an unknown person. He put a hand to his face and turned in the direction of the source,just in time to see Walter gather the man into a headlock and pull him away. Meanwhile,Will had wrestled Joseph,down,who was yelling at everyone to stop. Ben snapped his attention back to the Weasel,who charged at him and grabbed his collar,making a ridiculous attempt to throw Ben,but only succeeded in ripping his shirt. Ben barked a laugh at the absurdity of this,and wound up to take a swing. The Weasel ducked low,and moving with surprising speed,tackled Ben,who felt a sharp pain in his still-fragile ribcage upon hitting the floor.
"Out! Out! All of ye! Never come back! Or I call the guard!"
Will pulled Ben up,who shook him off and stalked out. He half-expected the Weasel to jump him again,but didn't care. Something was gnawing at his insides,and perhaps being beaten bloody might help. His ribs ached with every breath,taking him back to those days lying in the infirmary as he waited to be transported back to Yorktown. Walter caught up to him,looking frazzled and strangely excited,but unhurt. "That was pretty pathetic. I overheard the barmaids calling us a bunch of ninnies,and that it was the worst fight they had ever seen." He laughed and put on a thick Scottish accent. "I guess we are No True Scotsmen!"
Ben forced a smile. "Thanks for having my back in there."
"Anytime." Walter replied. The two men went their separate ways into the balmy night.
Felicity sat perched on the roof,feeling the occasional breeze breaking through the humid air. She pulled up her nightdress to her knees so that she could feel the night air on her legs. It was a clear night;the full moon above her illuminating the city. Felicity felt like she could see for miles up here,and was grateful for Ben for fixing her door so that it would not make so much noise. Now,she could sneak up here for some nighttime air when she could not sleep.
These days,insomnia was common. Felicity was stressed out. She was dealing with housework,assisting Ben and Marcus in her father's store,helping her mother and Nan care for William and Polly,taking care of Penny and Patriot,keeping companionship with Elizabeth,keeping companionship with Ben,and seeing her suitor,Joseph,whenever she could.
The last two obligations went together like oil and water,as any mention or knowledge of Joseph put Ben in a foul mood. When Felicity asked him about it,Ben simply said that he never liked the man. With this limited information,Felicity just tried to keep her courtship under wraps,avoiding any mention of Joseph around Ben,and keeping her answers simple and/or changing the subject on the rare occasion that Ben asked about him. She had become good at this,and it was likely Ben's perception that she rarely spent time with Joseph. Still,she didn't know how long she could keep this up.
Perhaps I should lose both of them,and devote all my time to Elizabeth! Felicity thought. She took a bite of a rose oil cake,feeling a bit of pride in how delicious they were. Joseph had asked her to make them. The recipe had yielded so many that she had divided them between her family and the Coles,and had left Ben a few in his room above the stables. The remainder was supposed to go to Joseph,although now Felicity sat on the roof,eating what was supposed to be his share. She made a mental note to leave him at least five. Or,she thought,maybe I won't after all. Truth was,she was a little salty towards him. She had gone out on a limb to ask him to take her to the tavern. In turn,he had laughed at first,thinking that she was joking,then had given her a lecture about recognizing what is proper behavior for a lady. It was all very silly,women were not disallowed from the tavern,and in fact,the tavern was actually owned by a woman!
"What is wrong with you? And what am I going to do with you?" He had asked in exasperation.
These two questions were commonly asked by Joseph,and they grated Felicity to the core. She knew that despite years of trying,she was not up to society's standards of what a gentlewoman should be,and everyone let her know that this was a personal shortcoming. Her mother was always going on and on about how lucky she was to have Joseph,a physician,as a suitor. There would likely not be any more chances for societal redemption if she were to lose the courtship.
"What am I going to do with you?" This question had once been fun,as if Felicity were an adorable mischievous kitten,but as the months wore on it took on a more serious,patronizing undertone.
"What is wrong with you?"
"What am I going to do with you?"
These questions echoed in Felicity's mind. She closed her eyes and leaned against the chimney. I can be better,do better. I'll make Mother and Father happy. I'll make Joseph happy. They all love me dearly and it's the least I can do. Joseph is a good,kind,intelligent man,one that I don't tower over. He has such a warm smile,and is very kind to his patients. 
I'm very lucky. 
Felicity's thoughts were interrupted by the sound of the gate opening,and closing. It was Ben! She gave a short whistle,and he looked up,nodded in acknowledgement,and continued to the loft.
Not even a hello? Confused,she scrambled down the ladder that she had conveniently placed some time ago,then hiked up her nightdress so she could properly run after him.
"Ben!" she hissed,"Wait!"
He turned around,and Felicity noticed how disheveled he looked. His shirt was torn,exposing his left breast,his hair was unbound and hung around his face,and even in the moonlight,Felicity could see a bit of redness on his right cheekbone.
He spoke. "Felicity,if you want to go to the tavern,I'll take you to the tavern."
That was an odd greeting. "Good evening to you too." Felicity studied Ben's face to try and understand the meaning of what he just said. "If that is where you just came from,looking all a mess,maybe I'm thinking twice about it."
He didn't look angry,or even unhappy. Maybe a little exasperated?
Felicity decided to ask the obvious question. "What happened to you?"
"Small scuffle at the tavern." Ben studied his feet as one would do from embarrassment,although Felicity got no sense that Ben was ashamed of something.
"Obviously…" she replied slowly,and waited for Ben to elaborate,but he did not. Felicity knew that something was up,and he wasn't going to bother to tell her.
Fine then. "I made a batch of rose oil cakes,and left a few in your loft. I know you like them. Goodnight." She turned as if to go back to the house,and mentally counted to three.
One….two… "Lissie,wait."
She smiled to herself,and turned around. "Yes,what?"
"Is that what you did tonight?" Ben looked slightly embarrassed at his dismissive attitude.
"Yes,I did. And it was amazing! Thank you so much for taking interest in my boring life!" Felicity replied sarcastically.
Ben smiled slightly. "Thank you. And I apologize for my rudeness. 'Twas not my intention."
Felicity decided to prod him a bit,and knew exactly how to do it. "No trouble at all. Joseph asked if I would make them,and the recipe usually yields so many so I have plenty to give away."
As expected,Ben tensed up. "Did you enjoy that? Making rose oil cakes for Joseph? While he was at the tavern?"
Felicity shrugged and agreed,pretending to not have noticed any sentiment behind that statement. She studied Ben,and felt her eyes drift down to his open shirt. He was lanky,but had defined pectoral muscles. She imagined that he had strong shoulders,and a broad,muscular back…
"Felicity! Would you please stop staring at my chest?" Ben looked angry now,and Felicity realized that he had been talking to her. He continued,"What's wrong with you?"
Those words bored into Felicity's mind,as if they lit a fuse. "What did you say to me? What's wrong with me? There is nothing wrong with me!" She snapped. "Hypocrite! You look at my chest plenty! I've seen you!"
Ben jerked his head away,then looked at her again. "Felicity,what are you doing?"
Felicity had tried to stay neutral,but felt her temper rising. "What do you mean? You storm in here,apparently after fighting at the tavern,and dismiss me? What is wrong with you?" It felt good to ask that question. "Why are you being so peevish?"
Ben sighed,seemingly calmed down. "I overheard Joseph complaining about you at the tavern. You steal his books,start arguments. He worries that if you two were to marry,you would not be a proper wife. Lissie,did you ask to go to the tavern?"
None of this was surprising to Felicity. "Aye. He was angry that I asked,and we had a row. Then he apologized,petted me on the head,and told me I could do better to work on my behavior."
Ben stared at her. "Is this what you want? To do better?"
"Aye." Felicity replied quietly. "We are adults now Ben. I can't go rushing around to everything like I used to,and your time of playing soldier is done."
Ben watched her for a moment more,before speaking. "You're right. Prior to leaving Yorktown to return here,my parents were asking me about finding a girl. Maybe I ought to do that,and think about my life beyond Williamsburg."
Felicity felt her stomach drop at this statement. "Do…do you have anyone in mind?"
"No,not really." Ben admitted. The tight feeling in Felicity's throat released,and she felt guilty of its presence.
"Did Joseph seem to want to be shot of me?" She dreaded the answer. If she lost Joseph's favor,Mother and Father would be so disappointed,she could just see the look on Mother's face….
"No." Ben said,with some disgust. "He said that you were his girl,and that he would continue to work on you."
"Good." Felicity was relieved. Not all was lost.
Ben continued,"Lissie,may I ask you something?" He did not wait for an answer. "Will Joseph ask you for your hand soon?"
"I'm not sure. Nan says she overheard him discussing it with Father,but you know how she is. They were probably just talking about the weather."
Ben looked at his feet. "If he does,will you agree?"
"Aye,I imagine so." Felicity said quietly. Ben looked up sharply,and Felicity caught the unmistakable look of betrayal on his face. "Ben! We have to grow up! I'm a girl,and girls get married! I have to!" She felt a lump in her throat,surprised at its presence.
"Lissie," Ben looked incredibly sad at her outburst,"You don't love him. Please do not go rushing off to marry him,like you rush off to so many things."
Felicity felt her temper rise again. "All my life,people have been telling me not to rush into things. Perhaps I'm not rushing into things,so much as rushing away from things! Look at my life! I'm trapped here! Mother keeps me locked in here,as I go from the house to the store to the house again! I'm piled with cooking and cleaning and sewing…I have to ask permission to do everything…" She was shaking,"When I get married,perhaps I'll have some semblance of control over my own life!
Ben stated,equally angry "And do you think that Joseph…"
Felicity cut him off "I can handle Joseph! Besides,what do I have left? I'm a poor excuse for a gentlewoman,and everyone in town either already knows it or will soon find out! Who will love me then?" Tears spilled down her face. She didn't mean to have this conversation,to make these confessions. She should have known that Ben could coax her into saying these things.
Ben once again looked incredibly sad at her admission. He spoke up. "I will love you."
Felicity snapped her head up,startled. "What did you say to me?"
Ben did not break eye contact,"Is there a word that you did not understand?"
Felicity stared at him. "Are you daft? I'm your little sister,your best little friend in the world." She stated,bitterness seeping through. "You don't love me. You left to go off and play soldier and you never wrote to me! Not once! You said you would and you never did! You wrote to Mother and Father so I knew you were alive,but never once to me!" She pointed an accusatory finger at him. "If you truly loved me,you would have written to me! But you did not!" She repeated "You don't love me,and-"
Ben cut in with a roar,"You are the only thing that I love!" He stepped toward her,and Felicity noticed that his eyes were shining. She glanced uneasily at the house,hoping that his outburst did not wake anyone.
He continued,"My service to your father will be ending soon,and I'll be leaving. I'll welcome it;the sooner,the better. I have to get out of here. Felicity,'Lissie,I love spending time with you. I can forget everything…everything that's happened. The war,my sister,Joseph,everything!"
"Joseph isn't a bad guy." Felicity crossed her arms.
"He is!" Ben replied emphatically,"Look what he is doing to you! You will never be happy with him! Do you love him?"
Felicity chose her words carefully. "He is a good match."
"Do you love him? Answer my question,Lissie!"
Felicity snapped back,"Don't tell me what to do! No." She shook her head. In a way it felt good to admit this out loud. "No I do not love him. Maybe at one point I was infatuated with him,so maybe I could be again? But none of this matters. Who has love marriages anyways?"
"My parents did." Proclaimed Ben. "They make each other so happy,I'm afraid that I have developed an unrealistic ideal of what a good marriage is. My mother has told me in so many terms that I should also marry for love,and no other reason. But at these circumstances,I fear that it will never happen for me. I don't…I can't…" He trailed off,then started again. "Lissie,if you marry Joseph,he will try to change who you are. Are you okay with that?" He did not wait for an answer. "I know you! I've known you for years. I know what you like and don't like,I know your secrets… I have to leave! If I stay,I'll have to watch you be dragged off,like a prisoner to a life you will hate. And you will die slowly,unhappily,as the gentlewoman housewife you don't want to be…and…and..." Ben choked up,inhaled sharply,then gasped and clutched his side,forcing the words out "and I'll….I'll be hanged! If I have to sit here and watch!"
Felicity stared at him. He looked half-crazed,illuminated by the moonlight. He was doubled over and clutching his side,but still keeping eye contact with her. His hair hung over his face,but did not hide his red-rimmed eyes. A small bruise was definitely forming on one cheek,and his torn shirt hung off one shoulder. She had never seen him in such a sorry state,and felt several emotions,disbelief,anger,sadness,and a bit of surprise,but decided to push them all away. He had confused her and made her emotional before,years ago,so she figured that turnabout was fair play. She forced herself to show calm,and once again crossed her arms in front of her chest.
"Are you quite done yet?" She knew this was cold,but couldn't help herself. Ben looked away,saying nothing. She continued. "So what would you have me do? Let's pretend you are sweet Lissie,and I am Ben. What is your next decision?"
Ben stood up taller,composing himself,but still held a hand over his side. "If I were you,Lissie,and you were I,Ben? That's easy. I would call off my courtship with that prat Joseph,and enter a courtship with you,Ben." He spoke with the bravado of a man who had nothing to lose.
Felicity decided she had nothing to lose at this point,either. "If you indeed love me,you should kiss me." In her mind this was not a shocking request. She had kissed him once before,at a brief reunion during Publick Times. Ben's company was passing through Williamsburg for the day,and Felicity was play-acting at the fair. She had kissed him for the purpose of making Annabelle jealous,and Ben probably had not taken kindly to being used. They had not spoken about it since that night.
Felicity caught a hint of a smile on Ben as he started to walk toward her. Then suddenly,unexpectedly,he paused,and a suspicious look passed over his face. "If I did kiss you,what then? Will you again tell me that it means nothing to you? Just anything to make your nemesis angry?"
Felicity had an idea that he would make this point. Ben was a proud man,after all. She forced herself to still remain calm,and stated "No,I won't. It will prove to me that you love me. I will break it off with Joseph. I'll likely be labeled a scoundrel,but I suppose that was inevitable. As for you,you will definitely be labeled a scoundrel,for stealing me away." She smiled wryly.
Seemingly satisfied,Ben closed the gap between them,paused,and touched her cheek. He lifted her chin up,then pressed his lips to hers. The kiss only lasted a moment before Ben pulled away shyly,then stared at Felicity. She studied his eyes. He was looking at her in a way that she had never seen before. In a way,he almost looked vulnerable,like he was pleading with her. She reached out and brushed several strands of his hair back,then ran her fingers down in cheek. In response,he closed his eyes and leaned into her hand. She noted how his disheveled state made him look even more handsome,and traced her fingers down his neck,and over his bare shoulder before pulling away,surprised at her own boldness.
Ben opened his eyes and broke the silence,clearing this throat. "Lissie,how do you feel about me? Do you lo..,er,do you have feelings for me?" Even in the darkness Felicity could sense that he was fiercely blushing. She opened her mouth to speak,but Ben cut her off,"Never mind that now,it's too much to ask of you tonight. Please think about everything I said here. In case there is any question about it,I meant every word. Tomorrow we will talk again." He smiled at her. "Just in case there is any question about this too,I think that you are beautiful,and I have for a long while."
Felicity smiled,feeling giddy warmth spread through her body. There was one more issue that she had,a very important one. It had been on her mind for years,and she wasn't going to let Ben walk away without a mention. "Ben,there is something that I feel you are obligated to do for me before I will agree to court you."
Ben looked a little surprised. "Oh? And what would that be? I'll do anything,short of murder." He thought for a moment,then grinned. "Actually,I'm not ruling murder out,but I do have a No Women,No Children rule. Did you want me to dispose of a soon to be ex-suitor that might go around making accusations about us? Perhaps a few of his rotten friends?"
Felicity laughed,then caught herself and forced a stern look. "I'm serious about this Ben. You promised to write letters to me. I reckon you never did and I consider that to be a great affront. I will in time get over this,but I figure that you owe me letters. So," She pointed at him for emphasis,"I will only accept you as a suitor if you write letters to me first."
Ben shuffled his feet,thinking,"Lissie," He said slowly,"I did write letters to you,many letters. I often traded food for ink and paper so I could keep writing. Do you realize what it is like to be hungry,yet still give away food so that I could write to you?"
Felicity stared at him. "I did not receive any letters. Were they lost perhaps?"
Ben looked at his feet. "I did not send them. I promised to write to you. I did not promise to send them."
Felicity watched him in disbelief. "Benjamin Davidson! I'm rethinking everything I have said to you in the last five minutes! Are you being truthful? Why did you not send them? Those are my letters! Do you still have them? Give them to me right now!" She demanded shrilly.
Ben looked at the sky,"I still have them. I couldn't bring myself to send them. I don't know why. Perhaps I was never sure how you felt about me. I was confused. Anyways,I figured you would get them if I were to be lost. Now I suppose it's only right to give them to you. Some of them,I admit,are not very nice. But I'll give those to you too,and write even more,if you would be mine.
Felicity smiled,satisfied. "I look forward to reading them. All of them."
Ben spoke,"Do you really think we will be labeled as scoundrels?"
Felicity sighed. "I think it was inevitable. What am I going to do with you? What am I going to do with myself?"
Ben smiled,saying nothing.
Authors Notes:
1) I sometimes borrow little snippets of dialogue I have heard. You might recognize a line or two from Game of Thrones,and Little Women (the 1994 film)
2) Dates may not be accurate. Les Liasons Dangerouses would not be published for a few more years,and Grey's Anatomy for several decades.

Author's notes:I was originally going to keep this as a one-shot,but there's always more to write!
Chapter Summary:Felicity decides to play a game,and completely manages to victimize Ben.
Ben sighed and relaxed into his bath,leaning his head back against the edge of the tub. Normally,the water would be a little too hot,but on this occasion the high temperature felt soothing on his tense muscles. He heard a noise approaching his bedroom door,and lazily turned his head in time to watch the knob turn,and the door swing open. Felicity poked her head in,grinning at him. "May I come in?"
Ben smiled,fully relaxed. "Of course Lissie. Tell me a story?"
She closed the door behind herself,walked over and knelt next to the tub,placing her hand over his. "Think you have enough bubbles? You might get lost in there if you aren't careful."
Ben closed his eyes. "My mother always insisted that hot water and lots of suds was the key to good healing. Now,story please? I'm injured and I demand it."
Felicity laughed,emitting a clear,musical tone that was very different than the playful giggling that he commonly heard when she was a child. "I shan't refuse you,Mr. Davidson. But first,give me your arm. I want to see how it is healing."
"That would be far too much effort right now." Ben replied. "I'm not moving. You'll have to find it." He opened his eyes and looked at her.
Felicity shook her head resignedly,and reached into the tub. She easily found his arm,and kneaded the muscle with her fingertips underneath the surface. "Does this hurt?"
Ben considered the sensation. "No,it feels nice." He closed his eyes again. "Now,how about my story?"
"Be patient." Felicity said,digging her fingers in harder. "How does it feel now?"
Ben swept away some bubbles with his free arm so he could see. "Hmmm…perhaps a little numb."
"I think it has not healed completely. Let me try something." Felicity held his wrist with one hand,then placed her other palm on his forearm,fingers outstretched. She tightened her grip on his wrist,then dug her fingernails into his skin.
"Hey!" Ben protested,trying to jerk his arm away. Felicity was surprisingly strong. She continued to hold tight. He looked down in shock as her fingers burrowed underneath his skin,and her hand tugged upward on the bone towards his shoulder,as if she was easily putting her hand up the sleeve of a shirt. Ben realized that there was no pain,only a slight pressure as her hand went deeper. He looked up at her face,and was stunned to see that it was not Felicity staring back at him;she had transformed into a bird-like creature. He made a desperate attempt to grab her wrist and pull it away,realizing that it had also morphed into long talons. She pulled her claws out of his arm,and immediately slipped them into his chest as easily as if he were bread dough. She grasped his rib,and with a mighty CRACK,pulled it free.
Ben gasped in pain,and opened his eyes. He was no longer in his childhood bedroom,and there was no Felicity,nor Bird Creature Felicity present. He was up in his loft above the Merrimans' stable. He blinked,trying to clear his head at the absurd dream,and noted with dismay that he was completely covered in sweat and tangled in a mass of quilts and woolen blankets. He kicked them off,and felt his ribs gingerly. They were extremely sore. He sighed,wondering why they were so poorly.
Then,it all came back to him.
Joseph running his mouth.
The bar fight.
Arguing with Felicity.
His foolish,embarrassing admission.
The kiss.
Oh no….
He rolled over to bury his face in his pillow and held fast,as if he could smother all of the occurrences of the previous night away. His lungs burned a moment later,and he was forced to take a breath. This sent another jolt of pain through his ribs,as if they were reminding him that everything that had happened,everything that he had said could not be unsaid.
What was that proverb that Nan was always repeating towards her siblings? Oh yes. He imagined her saying them. Think 'ere before you speak,for Words,once flown,Once utter'd,are no more your own.
At that moment,the rooster began to crow. He had to get up,get dressed,and join the Merrimans at breakfast. He swallowed,and realized that he had in fact needed to say all of those things. This was done,and he would have to face it. After all,he reasoned,I've faced things that were much,much worse.
He splashed water from the basin on his face,and changed out of his nightshirt,pulling on his breeches and tunic. He pulled on his socks and shoes,tied his hair back,then left his room and headed towards the house.
Inside the Merriman house,Felicity,Rose,Nan,and Martha Merriman were setting breakfast out. Ben paused in the doorway and watched them. Felicity and Nan were jokingly singing a French folk tune,emphasizing the strange phonetics of the language. Martha was begging the girls to not act so silly,but her eyes showed amusement all the same. Edward Merriman was seated at the table,talking with Polly. Ben turned his attention back to Felicity. She walked with her head high and her shoulders back as she carried a stack of plates,her eyes shining brightly. If she was feeling a similar internal turmoil,it did not show. She continued to sing,her perfect mouth effortlessly forming the words. He flashed back to the previous night in which he had brushed his lips against hers.
"Ben!" Martha Merriman said,breaking him out of his thoughts. "You are not going to church dressed link that,are you? If so,then we should all change clothes and be a proper band of ruffians." She paused,and studied his face. "Lad,you look flushed. Are you ill?"
Everyone turned to look towards him. Ben felt himself blushing even harder. Before he could think of a reply,Felicity set the plates down,crossed the room,and placed a hand on his brow. "He feels warm." She reported back to her mother. Her fingertips brushed his forehead and smoothed a few strands of hair away as she locked eyes with him. Lord have mercy. Ben thought. Felicity spoke again,this time to him. "You are sweaty." She turned her attention back to her mother "It feels like a low fever."
Martha spoke,"Ben,you must go lie back down and rest. No church for you today. Rose will bring you some biscuits and herbal tea." Ben opened his mouth to protest,but was interrupted by William trudging into the room. "I couldn't sleep at all last night." He complained. "I swear I heard a couple of local idiots yelling back and forth for hours." He slumped down at the table and yawned for emphasis,then stared accusingly at Ben and Felicity.
Ben felt his courage draining away,marveling at the absurdness of how all it took for him to stand down was the glare of an eleven year-old boy. He decided that retreating would be the best tactic at the moment. "I beg your pardon,Ma'am,Sir," he nodded to Martha and Edward,"I am feeling a little exhausted." Martha pressed her lips together and gave him a sympathetic look. "Go rest."
Ben turned away and walked back to his room. Once a safe distance from the house,he glanced down at his attire,realizing that he had put on not a clean shirt,but the torn shirt from the previous night. Annoyed with his carelessness and cowardice,he climbed the stairs,entered his room,and flopped down on his bed.
Upon returning from church,Felicity pinned on an apron,filled a bowl with bean soup,fetched a few biscuits,and a pot of herb tea. She placed these items on a tray,carried them out of the kitchen,and up to Ben's loft. Through the open door,she could see Ben sitting at his desk,his back to her. She balanced the tray on one arm,then rapped lightly on the doorframe to get his attention.
He turned and gave her a smile,putting down a small book that he had been reading. "Lissie. Come in." She entered the room and placed the tray down next to him,then sat down on the edge of the bed. She studied his face. He looked much more awake,and thankfully the bruise he had the previous night had faded rapidly. "You look much better. How do you feel?"
A sheepish smile spread across Ben's face. Felicity thought it was adorable. He spoke up. "Admittedly,I was not ill in the first place. I had a strange dream and woke up confused. Then William was about to accuse us over what happened last night. It was all a bit too much. I decided to play along to just have a little more time to myself."
Felicity burst out laughing. "Tell me it's not true!" She exclaimed,shaking her head incredulously. "You can stand up in front of an army of Redcoats,but you can't stand up to my brother? He is a child!"
Ben chuckled,then took a deep breath,a serious look crossing over his face. "It is not just your brother. It is you. I am a little embarrassed about my emotional breakdown last night,and I…" He paused,blushing again,"and now that you know how I feel,you are terrifying to me." He ducked his head,but still looked up to make eye contact with her. "Really though,you looked radiantly happy this morning. In fact,you still do. I suppose it threw me off a little. I know this is a strange question,but I must ask it. Why are you so happy? What are you thinking?"
Felicity had already thought this through,not that it required all that much thinking in the first place. She decided to tell him the truth. "You complimented me in a way that no one has ever done before. You said that you know me and all of my faults…" "Perceived faults." Ben interrupted. Felicity held up her hand and continued "…and you still love me. The only other person that seems to like me as I am is Elizabeth,but you know,I cannot marry her. Everyone wants me to change. I always thought that I eventually would grow up,but I find that as I get older I'm inclined to behave more wickedly." She shook her head. "I cannot stop it. But you,you never tell me to slow down,to mind my manners,to stop speaking about serious issues." She clasped her hands together on the bedpost,and pressed her cheek into them and looked up at Ben,knowing full well the effect of this posture. "You said we would talk tomorrow,so here I am. Talk to me." A new boldness had passed over her,and she reveled in the clear head it had given her.
Ben smiled. "Okay,Miss Merriman. First things first." He thought for a moment,then corrected himself. "Well,two things. First,you are most certainly not wicked. Secondly," He leaned towards her,"when are you breaking off your present courtship?"
"Very soon." Felicity said. "I need to speak with my mother first and give her warning that I am going to do this. I hope she is not disappointed." At this thought,slight butterflies invaded her stomach,causing her visage to falter slightly. She looked at Ben,hoping that he didn't notice. But,Ben never missed anything. His brow furrowed,and he reached out and clasped her hand,causing more butterflies to invade.
"Lissie,everything with me aside,he does not make you happy. You need to get rid of him. Your mother loves you and she will understand."
Felicity nodded. Ben was absolutely right. She had woken up this morning with new sense of self-worth. Keeping Joseph around any longer would destroy it all over again.
"And then," Ben continued,a smile spreading across his face again. He squeezed her hand. "We can talk about us. I can speak with your parents. Lissie," he was practically glowing,"I am so happy."
Felicity pulled her hand away from his and held it up. "Wait wait wait." Ben sat back,surprised,"Remember what we talked about? The letters. I'll need to read them first before I even consider having you as a beau." She crossed her arms in front of her chest and stared at him for a moment,then held out her hand. "Give them to me."
Ben sighed. "I was hoping you would not have bothered. I guess I should have not been so foolish to think this." He moved to open one of the desk drawers,and pulled out a neat stack of letters,tied together. He handed them to her. "Just take them,they are yours. But please know,some of them are not very nice. I hope you understand."
Felicity smiled. "I won't take them all at once. Just give me two. I'll come back for more later."
Ben raised an eyebrow at her,and started to pull the bottom two from the stack. "No,no,just chose them completely random. It will be more fun to read them this way." She let a mischievous grin spread on her face in response to Ben's confusion. Felicity took them quickly and put them in her apron pocket. "Eat your lunch before it gets cold." She commanded. "I must go;I have tons of sewing to do." She stood up and left the room,looking back briefly to catch the confused expression on Ben's face. She ran down the stairs,stuffing the two letters safely in her apron pocket,then continued into the house,up the stairs to her bed room. She laid on her bed,broke the seal of one and began to read.
August 5th,1780
My Dear Felicity,
I was having a conversation with the other men this evening that had many interesting points and I feel I must share it with you. We were discussing dreams and one of the young boys said that dreams are what is left of the memories of our past lives,degraded and mixed and scrambled around,then left to misfire like many old dueling pistols at random along with the memories we have picked up in this life. I very much like thinking about this,and I will begin trying to identify the lives in which I dream about.
The sunset I see tonight is a deep red and now instead I am thinking about your hair. 
Forever I remain,
Your Benjamin
Felicity blushed and smiled to herself. What a strange ending! She held out the second letter and considered saving it for later,but could not stop herself from breaking the seal and opening it. She began to read.
December 17th,1779
Dearest Felicity,
It is so cold that I almost cannot stand writing but there will be a mail gathering to-morrow and I have pen and ink so I must take this opportunity. My birthday was a few days ago do you remember it? I am trying to keep my mind away from thinking of all the sweets that my parents would give me on this day. The other men and boys wished me good health and a long life,but I at this moment I would gladly trade ten years for a blueberry tart. Lissie if only you knew how cold it is I feel as though my bones are freezing me from the inside and no amount of blankets will help. My parents have sent me several woolen items but I feel strange to possess so many items while many of the other men have none so I must give them away. 
I do not mean to burden you with these thoughts,but I always know you can listen and understand.
I wish you good spirits and cheer for the season and if you would Please celebrate on my behalf for I know there will be no Christmastide as I know it here.
I forever remain your true friend,
Benjamin Davidson
Felicity slowly folded up this letter,thinking back to Christmastide in 1779. The war had taken a toll throughout Williamsburg;her father's store went weeks without goods and there was no money to think about. She would work for hours spinning,weaving,and sewing,and was glad to do it. It was the least she could do to not feel useless. Yet,Christmas still had that same feeling,even with less to eat. She couldn't bear to imagine what it was like exposed to the elements in the New England Colonies. She unfolded the letter and read it again,reminding herself that Ben was still alive,he was here,he was okay. She returned to the letter she had read first,imagining all the men and boys sitting around together,pondering about dreams and past lives. This was a much more pleasant thought. She folded both letters and stashed them in the drawer of her nightstand,then walked downstairs to start in with the mending basket.
Over the next week Felicity would come and collect several more letters. It seemed she had a method to this;she would collect no more than two letters,and it was always at random. Ben almost wished he had not written so many;there were at least 20 more letters left. Felicity never wanted to talk about what she had read,nor did she seem to want to talk about the unknown status of their relationship. At one point Ben had tried to refuse to give her another until she would speak with him,but Felicity had merely reminded him of his promise and their deal.
"If you had sent me these letters as I had intended,then I would not be there to talk with you about them. I am simply trying to be authentic." She smirked at him.
"If this were authentic,then you would have to be reading them in chronological order!" Ben had retorted. "Besides,is it not better reading them now as you know I survived and would return home? Some of those letters spoke of hardship and danger. Would you not read them and be worried for me?" He raised his eyebrows,hoping to appeal to her sympathetic nature.
"Do not test me,Benjamin Davidson!" Felicity had positively snapped and held out her hand. "Now,two more letters,please!" Ben sighed,and handed them over. Sometimes he missed the younger,more sensitive Felicity Merriman.
Ben was walking back to Merrimans store after a delivery when he ran into Walter. It had been nearly a week and a half since the tavern fight. "Walk with me." Walter said. "It is unfortunate we have been banned from the tavern;where else are we supposed to talk?" Ben laughed. "Hopefully this is not a lifetime ban! I had promised Lissie that I would accompany her there. Shall we go and plead our case?"
Walter's eyebrows had raised at the mention of Felicity. "Would it not be a little untoward if you showed up with Felicity? When she is supposed to be on Joseph's arm?"
Ben fleetingly regretted mentioning Felicity,and decided to play obtuse to test the waters. "I don't understand. Why would that be untoward?"
Walter blinked,confused. "Because…Joseph is Felicity's suitor. You are not." He spoke as if Ben was a mere child.
"Ah," Ben corrected. "Not for long."
"Really." Walter replied. "So,she is going to drop Joseph,so she can go with you to the tavern." His eyebrows were still raised. "Man,I feel like I am not getting the full story." He paused,and looked up with surprise. "Wait! Tell me you are not sweet on Felicity? Whenever did this happen?"
Ben looked up,thinking. Truth be told,he had never really worked that out for himself. Was the starting point at Publick Times,back almost three years ago? "That does not matter right now."
Walter laughed incredulously. "Right. Well,if she ever asks,don't say it was not until you saw her with another man. Women don't like that." He continued. "So your plan is as follows:Felicity will drop Joseph,then you will court her? That's it?"
"Don't forget,we will go to the tavern,where I will be un-banned on the spot." Ben jokingly added.
"You've gone mad." Walter said,a serious look crossing his face. "You know that it is a big deal for women to end a courtship. And then to start one with you? What is the timeframe on this? And most importantly,is Felicity going to go along with this?" He stared at Ben. "I still feel I am not getting the whole story. You need to tell me everything."
Ben shrugged noncommittally and told Walter about that night,beginning after he had arrived back to the Merrimans home after the tavern fight. He mentioned the letters,how Felicity said that should would agree to a courtship if,and only if she could read all of the letters. "….but she has made it all in to some kind of game and still won't tell me all of the rules,or whatever she is thinking. And here I sit,waiting! At this point my expectations are so low that I'd be happy enough if she just dropped Joseph,never mind the rest of it." He clasped his hands,folding his fingers together and propped them on top of his head,looking up at the sky.
"Would you really though?" Joseph said,chuckling and shaking his head. "So Joseph goes,then Felicity and…say,my cousin declare their undying love for one another?"
"No,no I guess not. That would not be okay." Ben sighed. "I think I would just kill myself and be done with it."
Joseph laughed. "I can just picture the writing on your gravestone." He held up his hands for emphasis. "Here lies Benjamin,who almost had a sweetheart." He clapped Ben on the shoulder. "It's been less than two weeks. You best settle in. Women like to test a man's patience."
Ben smiled in spite of himself. "It all reminds me of something I was told years ago." He thought back. "I was only six years old,and the way I remember it,my sister was being so very cruel to her gentleman friend,despite the fact that he kept coming around to give her sweets and gifts. My mother told me that women often don't have much power or control over their lives in this society,except when it came to courtship. Choosing a husband is a very important decision,and she told me that my sister was just testing how patient and forgiving her suitor was. And that someday,I would have to show how patient and forgiving I am." He shuffled his feet.
"So here we sit." Walter said.
"Yep." Ben replied.
"So in all honesty,how are you feeling?" Walter asked.
"I think I'm going mad." Ben deadpanned,keeping a neutral expression.
The two men sat in silence for a moment. Walter then spoke up. "You could try to speed along the process. You could make her jealous and feign interest in Annabelle Cole,but I do not advise that." Ben barked a laugh. "Of course not! Felicity would see through that in a moment. That,and Annabelle told me she was done with me,for what it's worth."
"Then,you best play along." Walter said. "Smile at her,lean towards her when speaking,perhaps brush your hand against hers…" He trailed off,looking skyward. Ben got the idea he was thinking about something entirely different. He stood up. "I best get back to work. Mr. Merriman is out so it is just Felicity working at the storefront." Walter grinned at him. "I wish you the best of luck,man."
Felicity stood behind the shop counter,idly tapping her fingers. There were no customers. It made sense,as many of the shelves were completely bare. It just an effect of the neverending war. If a customer needed something it could be ordered,but many items were too expensive for just the purposes of keeping the shelves stocked. She reached into her pocket and took out two letters,unfolded one,and began to read.
September 23rd,1779
Dear Felicity,
Try as I might,I cannot get it out of my head how you told me that the kiss we shared was only to make Annabelle angry. How could you be so foolish as to use me in this manner? What am I to you? If I had not been standing there,perhaps another man in my place,would you have kissed him in that way? Do you know how difficult my life has been for the last two years? All of the hardship and danger I have faced? And you have the audacity and the gravitas to use me for your petty little grievance? I cannot abide by this. How dare you!
Felicity put down the letter,trying to stifle any hurt feelings. Ben had warned her that some of the letters were not so nice. Still she remembered how in a way,he had used her as well. Right? She briefly thought about putting it away for the moment,but mentally built a shield for her emotions and picked it up again.
I do not understand the girl you have become. There are many things I must think about.
Should I still call you a friend? I do not know the answer to this question. I feel like you have not treated me as a friend should.
Yours truly and completely. Really. Everything is always for you,isn't it?
Benjamin Davidson
Her mind numb,Felicity folded the letter and stuffed it in her drawer. She opened the next one and began to read,noticing right away at what looked to be bloody finger prints on the paper.
September 29th,1779
Dearest Felicity,
I have tried to avoid speaking about battles in my letters to you as I am sure you are getting the news in town,but I must break tradition this once and tell you about something. I woke up this morning with an awful premonition and now I know to trust how I feel. I will not speak of much detail but I found myself crouching behind a downed tree. There was so much chaos and I was able to fire off a few shots. I do not want to think about if they were effective. Then we all scattered like birds. I could not hear anything because the gunfire left my ears ringing. Lissie I wish I could tell you that this was a rare occurrence but it happens more than I want to tell you. Many of the lads are now missing and I fear for them. 
Lissie how I wish I could talk to you now. 
Your friend,
Ben
Felicity folded up this letter slowly,her mind spinning at the opposite tone. She unfolded it and read it again,trying to connect the disjointed sentences to imagine the scene. Ben had mentioned that his hearing was not great;was this due to gunfire from the battles? There had to have been several of these scenes if his hearing was still damaged. She noted the date of the letter;it was written not even a full week after the previous,antagonistic letter. She felt slightly cheered at how Ben had called himself "your friend" at the end of this one. His feelings of anger had lasted no more than five days.
Perhaps Ben was right in one aspect. Had she received this letter while he was still away,she could imagine all of the nights she would lie awake with worry for him. Knowing he was safe was like skipping forward and reading the end of a book,so she could read without any fear for the hero despite all of his hardships.
At that moment,Ben returned from his errand. Felicity quickly folded the letter and stuffed it into her pocket,then stood straight up. He noticed that she had been reading one of his letters,and blushed slightly as he made his way to the counter. "Having a productive day Miss Merriman?" He asked. Felicity saw that his smile did not reach his eyes,and decided that things should not need to be so serious between them.
"There is one piece of business that I must take care of." She said,walking out from behind the counter,"and now is the opportune moment." She bent down and rifled through a small box of childrens' toys,pulling out a wooden replica of a dueling pistol. She wielded it as if it were real,pointing it directly at Ben's chest. He held his hands up. Felicity pulled her most threatening face. "You rebel scum." She pretended to pull back on the safety lever.
Ben played along,feigning a shocked face. "Miss Merriman! I should have known you were a Loyalist spy!"
Felicity smiled. "It was too easy. All I needed to do was tempt you with food,and you would tell me all of General Washington's secrets! And now,once I have completed my final mission of killing the most notorious rebel warrior,Benjamin Davidson,I will sail to London and live out my days in high society!" She spoke the last lines as Annabelle would,laying on the posh accent thickly.
"Madam," Ben pleaded,his hands still up. "I have been a proper fool to have played into your treacherous hands. But please,before you kill me,I must tell you one thing!" He paused,"I….I confess….," he suddenly looked like a man holding back tears. "If telling you General Washington's plans was what kept your attention towards me,I regret nothing!" His face hardened,and he looked defiantly at her. "If you wish to kill me,do not hesitate!" He held his shoulders back and gestured grandly towards himself,"For I cannot live in a world where the woman I love trades me for a powdered wig and a little pug!" The corners of his mouth twitched slightly.
"Indeed!" Felicity retorted,trying not to break into laughter herself. "Prepare to meet thy devil!" She stomped her foot,mimicking the sound of a firing pistol.
Ben recoiled,then slowly looked down. He clutched at his chest as if to cover a bullet wound. "You…you shot me!" He allowed his knees to buckle,and he lurched forward at Felicity as if to grab her by the shoulders. Felicity,momentarily shocked at his realistic performance,stepped back. Ben dropped to his knees and looked up at her,eyes wide,but mouth slack. He drew in a few labored breaths and gasped,"My dear Lissie…why?"
Felicity,still shocked,stammered "I…I…." She shook her head to snap out of it. Apparently Ben was a talented actor. She watched as Ben slumped over sideways,his hands falling away limply from his chest. His shoulder hit the floor,making her flinch at the sound. With half-lidded eyes,he rolled over partway onto his back and continued gasping for air,punctuating the horrible sound with an occasional weak cough. "Lissie" he choked,focusing his eyes on her. His fingers curled and opened again,trying to beckon towards her. Felicity put the wooden pistol down and knelt at his side. "Oh Benjamin," she crooned,"perhaps I did love you in my own way." She took his hand,and with her other hand stroked his long brown hair. He painstakingly reached up and stroked her cheek lightly before letting his hand fall back to the floor. She forced herself to stay in character. "But,my love for you only made it easy to kill you. I utterly despise you for…." She struggled to keep the façade as easily as he did,"….for what….for what you made me feel!" She inwardly cringed at her poor performance.
Ben closed his eyes,his breaths turning into rasps. She watched him,overtaken by the sad beauty of his performance. Why had Ben not gone into play acting? She felt her instinct taking over,and wanted to cradle his head and tell him it was all going to be okay. His rasping became more intermittent,and as she continued to stare at him,he gave one final exhale and was completely still.
Felicity realized that he had probably seen men shot and killed right in front of him. An uncomfortable feeling settled in the pit of her stomach. How could she have been so insensitive? "Ben,get up." She said,forcing a laugh. He did not move. She watched him a moment later,seeing that he had to eventually take a breath. He finally did,his chest moving ever so slightly. "Ha!" Felicity exclaimed. "I see you are still alive,now get up and help me once again clean these shelves!" She stood up,and grabbed a cloth. He continued to lie on the floor. "Gee,I suppose I'll have to use the ladder with no support!" Felicity said loudly. "I wish someone would come back to life and help me out!" She clambered up,and dusted her way around the already-clean,empty shelves. After a few minutes,she looked back. Ben still laid on the floor,eyes closed. She rapidly shifted her weight back and forth,making the ladder wobble precariously. No response from Ben. Surely he will eventually get bored. I'll just have to ignore him. Felicity climbed down from the ladder and stood back behind the counter. A thought occurred to her. "Ben!" She hissed. "Get up before someone comes in and sees you!" Ben did not move. She sighed,resting her chin into her palm. It's not as if anyone comes in at all anyways. She opened the ledger to start the day's inventory.
An hour later,someone indeed came in. Felicity looked down with a start,expecting Ben to jump up. But,he still did not move. Luckily,it was just Elizabeth. She looked down,surprised at seeing Ben sprawled across the floor,and then looked back at Felicity's exasperated face. "Lissie,what on Earth is going on? What is wrong with Ben?"
Felicity felt her temper rising. "He is being completely daft." She snapped. Elizabeth waited for further explanation. Felicity,thoroughly irritated,offered none.
Elizabeth chuckled,"so,there is nothing wrong? He is sleeping? Pretending to be asleep?" She watched him for a moment,noting that his chest moved as he breathed. "What if someone comes in?"
Felicity pressed her lips together tersely. "You came in,and you could have been anyone! He is pretending to be dead. Honestly,I think he has gone mad."
"Awwww," Elizabeth laughed,"look at him! He looks so sweet and harmless! She quirked her lips. "Don't you think he looks so handsome,like a tragic hero? Why,I could just kiss him and he would come back to life. Or,perhaps you could as well." She smiled wickedly. Felicity blushed. Elizabeth would often remind Felicity of that awkward day back at Publick Times. She continued,"Anyways,my sister was a few minutes behind me. Best he get up before she sees him."
"Ben!" Felicity snapped,"Get up,or else!" She knelt at his side and shook him. His head rolled to the side. She poked the uninjured side of his ribcage,knowing that it was often a sensitive area on many folks. No response. "Aargh!" She yelled. "He is being so infuriating!" She had a sudden,evil thought to rub her knuckles heavily along his breastbone,an excruciatingly painful move that Joseph had told her would stir even the most drunken fool out of any state.
"Lissie," Elizabeth put a hand on her shoulder,"I think I hear her coming up. Quick! Let's just drag him behind the counter!" "Right!" Felicity seized one ankle. "Take his other foot!" The girls roughly dragged him away from the center of the floor. Felicity noticed that he flinched a little when his head hit an uneven floorboard. Serves him right,she thought.
At that moment,Annabelle walked in. Felicity dropped Ben's ankle and it hit the floor with a loud thud,while Elizabeth instinctively ducked down behind the counter. "Felicity," she said crisply,pulling out a copy of Voltaire's Candide from her handbag and placing it down on the counter,"I have brought this for you. I found it to be utterly foolish,just completely trite. So my first thought is that you would thoroughly enjoy it." Felicity plastered on a large,toothy smile and decided to respond in kind. "Why thank you Annabelle! I know I will find many subtle messages that I'm sure went right over your pretty little head! Don't fret,I will explain them all to you." Annabelle smirked,and held out her hand. "I won't go without a trade. Did you think this was a charity case?" She stepped closer to the counter,and noticed Elizabeth crouched down low. "Bitsy! I had forgotten all about you! What on Earth are you doing down there?" She then noticed Ben,who was still collapsed on the floor. A concerned expression crossed over her face. "Good heavens! What is wrong with Ben? Is he all right?" Her concern quickly turned into disdain as she considered something else. "He is not drunk,is he? The fool!"
Felicity sighed. Knowing Annabelle's penchant for gossip,they were all in trouble. "No,he is not drunk. I can promise you that." Annabelle narrowed her eyes,sensing that nothing serious had happened. "What are you three twits up to?"
Elizabeth decided to answer,simply stating,"Ben is playing a trick on us."
Annabelle raised an eyebrow as if to demand a more detailed explanation,but Felicity and Elizabeth both remained silent. She finally spoke back up. "Ahem,well,it serves the both of you right,as I remember all of the little jokes you both would play to amuse your foolish little heads." She turned her nose up. "Felicity,remember that you were going to give me the French novel. You know the one." Felicity smiled at that fact that Annabelle couldn't bring herself to say the title. Annabelle called to Elizabeth,"Bitsy! Did you put in your order? We must get along to finish all of Mama's errands."
"Oh!" Elizabeth said. "Lissie,may I get some more thread? The usual colors." She smiled. "I would like to try some new embroidery." Felicity grinned. "Yes indeed Ma'am! I'll get that order in today," She thought for a moment,then added,"And my copy of Les Liasions!" Annabelle blushed slightly,but kept her haughty face. She stood for a moment in anticipation,then tapped her foot impatiently. "Well?" She demanded.
"Go on ahead,I will catch up with you." Elizabeth said. Annabelle rolled her eyes and stalked out of the shop. Elizabeth waited to hear Annabelle's footsteps fade away,then she turned back to Felicity. "You never told me what is going on. Why is Ben playing dead?"
"We were just playing around,and I pretended to shoot him." Felicity knew how ridiculous this sounded,but Elizabeth knew how she and Ben liked to be ridiculous around each other. She shrugged her shoulders. "For some reason I can't get him to stop pretending."
Elizabeth laughed. "Lissie,you know that shooting a man is an action that cannot just be undone." She sighed dramatically,placing the back of her hand against her forehead. "You have killed him! Poor Benjamin! Now you will have to explain to his mother and father why you have murdered their most precious only son! Are you prepared to beg for forgiveness and resign yourself to the noose?" Felicity laughed,her annoyance lifting. Perhaps she had been too irritable over the matter. She responded in kind,"I was hoping with your connections I can be on the next ship to London! There,I will slip away and live in the Scottish wilderness! Come and find me,and we will live happily and free!"
Elizabeth smiled. "There's a thought!" She looked down on him as if to ponder something. "Perhaps…" She paused,thinking,"Perhaps you need to tell him certain things,and he will wake up." Her eyes took on a familiar look,and she smiled widely. "Yes,I'm sure of it! There has to be some magic words!"
Felicity blushed. Once again,she knew exactly what Elizabeth was getting at. She shook her head resignedly and spoke up,"There are things I must tell you,but not right at this moment." She nodded towards Ben's prone form. Felicity knew that he was listening to their every word.
"Hm?" Elizabeth responded. She studied Felicity's face,then smiled slightly. "Okay,yes. I must catch up with Annabelle. We must sit together tomorrow,okay? You can play guitar and I will work on stitching. And we will be sure to talk!" Felicity smiled,watching her leave. "Good day Miss Cole! We will talk on the 'morrow!"
After Elizabeth left,Felicity dragged a chair to the side of the counter,and continued with the ledger. She spoke towards Ben "Hope you enjoyed all of that. I am not sure what you wish to accomplish,but you have truly embarrassed yourself. You know that I will be talking to Elizabeth tomorrow,and I'm sure you have an inkling of what I will be speaking about." She stared at Ben,noticing his mouth twitch. She sat in silence for the next hour,jotting down the inventory. Once or twice she was interrupted by customers,who luckily did not notice Ben laying behind the counter. Once evening fell,she closed and locked the door,then lit a few candles and worked to finish the final bookkeeping. As she wrote the last lines,she heard a peculiar sound coming from the floor. She looked down at Ben. He was breathing deeply,alternatively muttering something that sounded like gibberish. "Ben?" She questioned,then realized it a moment later.
He was asleep.
Felicity's temper flared. How long had he actually been sleeping? She had done everything at her father's store today! She imagined giving him a solid kick to the side,but stopped herself,forcing calm. She thought for a moment,then grabbed a large bucket from one of the shelves. She quietly opened the door as not to wake Ben up,then went outside to fill it from a watering trough. She re-entered the shop and stood over him,bucket in hand. He had not stirred.
She watched him for a moment,taking into account his breathing pattern. He was sound asleep,his mouth slightly open,inhaling and exhaling fast,but deep. As he exhaled,she positioned the bucket of water over his head and waited for him to draw breath. Then without any further hesitation,she dumped the contents over his face.
Felicity's timing was perfect,and Ben inhaled a lungful of cold trough water. He shot to sitting,and began choking and coughing. Felicity smiled widely,and crowed,raising up her hands like the Sunday preacher. "Hallelujah! It's a miracle! He hath risen from the dead!" Ben stared up at Felicity. The look in his eyes turned from shocked to accusatory as he continued to cough,water dripping down his face. Felicity kept smiling,feeling as though she had bested Ben at something. She then began to kneel so she could pound him on the back. He raised a hand towards her as if to hold her back,and put his other hand on his ribcage,coughing all the while.
Felicity straightened back up,standing next to him. "Have a good sleep? You missed the entire day! We were so busy,I did not know what to do with no help!" Her smile faltered a bit as he closed his eyes. He had finally stopped coughing,but something wasn't right. One of this forearms was pressed against the wall to support himself,and his other hand had moved to his stomach as he continued to work to steady his breathing. His face had drained of all color. She stepped closer,and his hand went up again to keep her at a distance. She batted it away and stood next to him. "Let me help you,silly boy." Ben shook his head,his eyes still closed. He put a hand back out and pushed weakly against her leg,as if to hold her back. She shook it off,but just as soon as she began to kneel down,Ben made a face,gagged,and vomited all over her shoes.
Now it was Felicity's turn to be shocked. She jumped back and looked down at her now-ruined shoes,then stared at Ben. He reached for a nearby cloth and spat into it,then wiped his mouth. He set the cloth aside and drew his sleeve across his face,wiping off any excess water. After a moment,he cleared his throat and smiled sheepishly up at her,finally speaking with a scratchy voice. "You had best get another bucket of water."
After thoroughly cleaning up the floor,the two of them walked home. Felicity was wearing a new pair of stockings she had taken from the shelf to replace her messy ones,and Ben had given her his shoes to wear. They were way too big,and she would often stumble. Ben walked carefully in his stocking feet,trying to avoid sharp gravel. He grabbed her by the shoulders to keep her from falling as she tripped once again. She looked up gratefully,glad that his hair was starting to dry. He gave her a smile and spoke up with a voice that was still slightly scratchy. "I figure I owe you an apology for ruining your shoes."
Felicity considered this. She had felt terrible for making him sick. The bucket of water had indeed gone too far. "'Tis I that should be apologizing." She reached out and squeezed his hand,smiling back at him.
Ben grinned wider,and spoke up. "You remember when I assured you that you were not wicked?" Felicity raised her eyebrows. He spoke again. "I'm re-thinking that opinion." Felicity laughed,"Fair enough,Benjamin."
They continued walking hand in hand,with Ben's stockings picking up mud from the road,and Felicity stumbling again in a pair of too-big shoes.
Author's notes:
1) Ben's dream is inspired by the song "Quotidian Beasts" by Phosphorescent. Give it a listen!
2) Don't rub your knuckles against your sternum. It may be harmless,but it is extremely painful. The medical purpose is to test for unconsciousness,but its usefulness is disputed. I'm not a medical professional,so I don't know either way. Consider this to be a disclaimer.
3) Next up,Felicity and Ben get into another row,and Mrs. Merriman suspects something may be up. There will probably be other things that happen too.

Chapter summary:Felicity and Ben spend some quality time together,and Felicity tries to work a few things out.
"….and then,all he said was,you had best get another bucket!"
Elizabeth shrieked with rather unladylike laughter,tears running down her eyes as Felicity finished telling her of last night's antics. The two young women sat together in the Coles' parlor,Elizabeth working on her latest embroidery pattern and Felicity talking and alternatively playing guitar.
"Lissie,what then? Was he not angry with you? You could've drowned him!"
"I know,I know,and I felt terrible!" Felicity exclaimed,"but he did not seem angry. He even lent me his shoes to walk home in,since mine are now beyond reproach. He did call me wicked,but it was all in good humor,or so I presume." She strummed a couple of open chords absent-mindedly.
"This all means something,can you not see it Lissie?" Elizabeth asked,an amused smile on her face,"I think your friendship with Ben has crossed some sort of line. I mean,if you had dumped a bucket of water over my head,I'd be salty at you for a great long time! Perhaps he is plotting revenge as we speak. There is something you are not telling me."
Felicity sighed. She and Elizabeth shared everything with each other,yet she felt an odd hesitation in telling her everything that had happened between her and Ben the past few days. It was not that she did not want to keep secrets,it was more or less a feeling that she wanted to protect Ben. On the other hand,Elizabeth had seen them together at rather delicate times,so Felicity figured she knew everything anyways.
She decided to bring it all out in the open. "Ben told me that he loved me." She strummed a final,quick accented chord as guilt prickled at her skin.
Elizabeth did not look shocked in the slightest. In fact,she did not even look up from her work. Felicity saw that this was confirmation of her complete lack of surprise about Ben. "And what prompted this?" She asked,a half smile on her face.
"We had a small row,well,I think it was a row. He asked me if I would marry Joseph if he was to offer his hand. I told him I likely would."
Elizabeth looked up sharply,and Felicity realized she had not told her anything of this topic. She repeated herself,a slightly different tone in her voice. "And what prompted this?"
Felicity was starting to feel slightly uneasy. "Ben was acting strange,and I decided to get him talking." She knew this sounded downright petulant. "It is a very complicated story."
"No,no,no." Elizabeth waved her hand. "I'm not talking about Ben. It's…" She paused,considering her words,"….do you feel like it is a good idea to marry Joseph?" She raised her eyebrow,adding for emphasis,"Is he your one future husband?"
Felicity squirmed,"At one point I thought so,but lately I have being feeling more irritable towards him than happy."
"In your heart,you know the answer." Elizabeth said definitively,then she laughed. "I can't see you,ever in a thousand years settling down and marrying already! Joseph is handsome,sure,but is he for you? Then again,I don't know. You never talk about him!"
Felicity shook her head. "It seemed as though Ben wanted to tell me a similar thing,but it came out in a completely different way. It's a strange thing. After the Autumn Maiden thing that happened," she inwardly flinched at bringing up such an awkward memory,"I was convinced that Ben could never like me as anything more than a friend. I told you this,remember?"
"Aye," replied Elizabeth,"I do remember. I'm not certain I believe it. You are Ben are both older now." She narrowed her eyes in thought. "Then again,perhaps he only realized he loved you after seeing you with another man. It happens;have you seen it? Men can be very jealous." A slightly dark look passed over her face. "I'd be careful,Lissie. Perhaps he hates the idea that another man is more important to you than he is."
Felicity was a little taken back at this thought. Did Ben only see her as a potential sweetheart after seeing her with Joseph? Either way,she couldn't have Elizabeth getting a bad impression of Ben. She decided to alleviate her friend's concerns. "No,no,I have faith that this is not the case."
"You know what is happening here,Lissie," Elizabeth looked down at her work again,but continued speaking. "It seems you are involved in a love triangle." She smiled.
Felicity tossed up her arms. "I do not know how I got myself into this mess. A love triangle? This is in every book written,ever! What a cliché!" She strummed a few harsh,minor chords.
Elizabeth laughed at the dramatic overtone. "Now you have your own experience to write about."
Felicity decided to turn the conversation around. "We have spent this whole time talking about me,and I will say no more for the time being. Now," she added jokingly,"…what about you?"
Elizabeth rolled her eyes. "You know I can't go courting until Annabelle is at least engaged. Mama told me I could when I turned eighteen either way,but I've put it out of my mind. By what I've seen from her experiences and now yours,I'm starting to think that Annabelle is doing me a kindness by keeping me ineligible for the time being." She smiled and shook her head. "I'm watching your missteps and learning from them."
Felicity tossed a pillow at her,which Elizabeth fended off skillfully. "Just you wait! I cannot wait to see what misadventures and messes your get yourself tangled in!"
Elizabeth tossed the pillow back,which bounced benignly off Felicity's head. "Enough of this talk. There are more interesting topics than lads."
"Aye,I can definitely agree on this point!" Laughed Felicity. "Come now,what other topics were considered of general interest?"
Ben sat behind the counter of Merriman's store. There were a few customers browsing,but they had brushed off his offers of help. So,he allowed his mind to wander. As was typical,he thought about Felicity. William was going to stop by and take over the counter in a half-hour so Ben could leave to go riding with her. These weekly rides were something that the two of them had agreed to keep on a schedule;they would often go off for hours just to get a break from everyday tasks. Ben had still been too sore from the brawl to go the previous week,so this was to be their first ride together since his declaration towards her.
He admittedly was feeling nervous. He and Felicity still had not spoken about their complicated relationship,and while Ben had relaxed a little,the idea of being alone with Felicity with no distractions,nothing else to focus on besides each other was a little daunting.
At that moment,the door swung open and a girl walked in. Ben recognized her as one of Nan's friends. What was her name? Catherine? He struggled to remember,then decided to forget about the name. He put on a smile. "Hello! So nice to see you. Let me know if there is anything I can help you with."
The girl blushed bright red and looked at her feet,then mumbled something rather unintelligible.
Ben frowned slightly,"Beg your pardon miss?"
Still looking down,she repeated herself. Ben caught the word "nutmeg",and stepped out from behind the counter. He smiled and gestured,"come this way," and led her down one of the isles to where cooking spices were kept. On the way,he decided to make conversation. "You have piqued my curiosity miss. What will you be using the nutmeg for?"
Again,the girl mumbled something. Ben decided to leave it well alone. He gestured towards the array of spices. "Let me know how much you would like,and I will weigh it out for you. Will the nutmeg be sufficient,or is there anything else? Perhaps some vanilla beans? We were able to get a small shipment a few days ago." He put on his best smile,despite his growing uneasiness at her behavior.
The girl balled her fists and looked up. Ben stepped back. Her eyes were narrowed,with tears brimming in them.
"Do you even recognize me?" She asked,choking up.
Ben was taken back with surprise. "Yes I recognize you. You are Nan's friend." Typically she was very silent,and this in fact was the first time she had looked him in the eye.
A tear slipped down her cheek. "My name. Do you know my name?"
Ben felt himself flushing a bit. He faltered at this bizarre interaction,asking again,"I beg your pardon miss?"
"Stop calling me Miss! The girl snapped. "I have a name,and we have been introduced before. So you must remember it!"
Ben put up his hands as if to defend himself. "I'm so sorry M…erm…. Catherine?"
The girl stomped her foot,then covered her face with her hands. "I'm practically in love with you,and you don't even remember my name." She bawled.
Ben looked around himself,noting that several of the customers had turned to watch at this outburst. The girl had sunk to her knees and was sobbing into her hands. He remembered how Annabelle used to pay him frequent visits,following him around and fluttering her eyelashes. But compared to his interactions with Annabelle,this girl seemed completely unhinged. Polite detachment was unlikely to result in anything good here. Ben weighed his options,then decided to kneel down and talk to her.
"Please forgive me and let me have another chance to remember your name. I promise,you'll find that I never forget it from here on out." He hesitated a moment,then put a hand on her shoulder.
She looked up,and Ben flinched at the look of pure hatred on her face. "No!" she practically snarled,"Nan told me everything! You have broken my heart,and I will never forgive you!" She jumped up and practically fled the shop,slamming the door behind her.
Ben stood up,feeling bewildered and slightly guilty at this interaction. What exactly had Nan said? He knew that Nan was prone to gossip and exaggeration,and he was starting to suspect that she had a small mean streak about her. He made a mental note to speak with her about this. Around him,the customers were turning back towards their shopping,although an older couple at close proximity were both chuckling. The man spoke up,"Something tells me you are used to this by now,lad!" The woman replied,"Of course he is! Why,just look at the fellow! If only I were 40 years younger!" The two of them burst out laughing.
Ben felt his face getting red.
With her mother's help,Felicity carefully draped a freshly-laundered linen sheet across the clothesline outside the Merriman house,securing it in place with wooden clips. She studied the remaining space on the line,and figured there was room for a pillow cover. She bent down and rummaged through the basket in search of one. As she did this,she sensed her mother's eyes on her. "Lissie,when we are finished here,will you please help Nan with the mending? Progress has been slow since I have been teaching Polly how to better her stitching."
Felicity looked up. Her mother knew about her weekly rides with Ben. "I'm sorry mother,but I have my ride with Ben this afternoon."
Martha tilted her head. "Ah yes,I remember now." She clipped a pillow cover onto the line.
Felicity watched her,a little confused. She had passed by the mending basket earlier,and it had not seemed fuller than normal. Was there a hidden message here?
A moment later,Martha spoke up again. "You spent the morning at the Coles' house,so I figured that you would devote yourself to chores for the remainder of today. Lissie,there is lots to be done. You know this."
"Aye," Felicity replied,feeling a little apprehensive. Her mother knew how important these rides were. She wouldn't disallow her to go,would she?
Her mother continued,"Lissie,I feel you have had your head in the clouds these past two weeks. I'm not sure if you have noticed,but Nan has been working very hard to keep up both her chores and yours."
Felicity blinked in surprise. Her mother's accusation was not at all unexpected,and she chose her words carefully. "Mother,I am very sorry that I have been a little absent-minded as of late,but I don't believe it is entirely fair to assume that Nan had been working double-time on my behalf."
Her mother looked at her pointedly. "Just be sure you attend to it this evening early on before the sun sets or you will be squinting in the dark."
Felicity sighed. Watching the sun set was the best part of the ride,but she knew better not to push the issue. "Mother,should I not go at all?"
"Well," her mother turned back to the clothesline,"I suppose I won't have too many more of these rides with Ben in the future,so you should go and enjoy while you can."
Felicity froze. "Pardon?" She asked,surprised.
"I mean,when you become engaged." Her mother smiled. "You have been with Joseph for a year,have you not? This is time enough. It would not be proper for an engaged woman to go off on long rides with an unrelated man."
A slight sense of panic seemed to run through Felicity's veins. "Mother," she protested,"Joseph has not spoken to you or Father,or me for that matter about an engagement."
"Lissie,he has spoken to both of us,and we have agreed. But ultimately it is your decision. We would not force you to do anything you do not wish." Her mother smiled slightly.
Felicity was shocked. It felt a little surreal to be having such an important conversation while attending to a mundane task such as laundry. It took a moment to find her voice. "Nan told me that she had overheard Joseph speaking to Father,but I did not believe her. Why did Father not tell me? Why did Joseph not tell me?"
Martha was no longer smiling. "Why do you not ask him? Communication is the most important skill to have for a happy marriage."
The words tumbled out of Felicity's mouth. "Mama- er,Mother,I do not wish!"
Martha looked at Felicity,her eyebrows raised. "Pardon,Lissie?"
Nervousness washed over Felicity,but she held her ground. "I do not wish to marry Joseph. I wish to break if off with him."
Her mother was silent for a moment before speaking. "May I ask,daughter,why you wish to end your courtship of one year?"
Felicity felt her mother's chilly tone,but was relieved all the same to have gotten it out. "He does not love the person I am."
Martha countered her,"And what person are you?" She asked coldly.
Felicity felt herself shrinking,and a lump beginning to form in her throat. She knew how bad it was to break off a lengthy courtship. She had to make her mother see what both Ben and Elizabeth saw. "He is always correcting me like I am a stupid little girl,asking me what is wrong with me,asking what he is going to do with me. I no longer feel like my opinions and mind are valued by him. He likes the way I look,but wishes I behaved like a different girl. I am no longer happy in his presence." She knew that she was struggling to explain herself.
Thankfully,her mother's eyes softened a little. "Lissie,have you told him this?"
"Well,no." Felicity faltered.
Her mother watched her for a moment before speaking. "Whom else have you expressed these concerns to?"
"Just Ben and Elizabeth." Felicity replied,a sinking feeling in the pit of her stomach. She mentally kicked herself for not bringing the issue up more delicately,perhaps at a time when she had not been so noticeably lazy about her chores.
Her mother was silent for a moment,yet again. "Ben knows of your concerns? Good thing for you that he is so quiet and unlikely to spread this information around. Speaking of Ben,I'm sure you will be wanting to get Penny ready for your ride." She looked pointedly at Felicity,and continued. "My daughter,put some more thought into your situation before deciding to break off your courtship. Things will be very difficult for you if you go about this rashly." She busied herself with the laundry again,but continued speaking. "I implore you to tell Joseph your concerns before you make any decisions. You need to be able to speak your mind to your husband,and this would be the best time to practice." She looked back at Felicity. "I regret that I feel some disappointment with you. You spend time with friends,skip out on your chores,and now you are looking towards breaking off a mature courtship with a respectable gentleman."
Felicity stood frozen to the spot feeling her mother's disapproval wash over her. Tears prickled her eyes as she realized that everything Martha had said was true. She opened her mouth to remind her that ultimately it was her choice,but her mother spoke up again. "Off with you,Lissie! Do not keep Ben waiting!"
Felicity closed her mouth,realizing there was no use. She turned on her heel and left.
Ben finished saddling up Patriot,then looked over at Penny. He had seen Felicity helping her mother hang up the laundry;hopefully they would be done soon. He figured he would get started on saddling up Penny until she arrived. He was pulling the thick woolen blankets from the shelf when Felicity blazed in carrying the usual basket of refreshments for their ride. He felt the expected bout of nervousness wash over him,then suppressed it,reminding himself that Felicity was his dear friend and they were going to spend the afternoon riding together. He grinned at her. "Just in time! I was about to saddle Penny for you."
She looked up,and Ben caught the expression of cold fury in her eyes. Her face was flushed,and her lips were pressed into a thin line. He stepped towards her. "Lissie,whatever is the matter?"
Felicity shook her head. "No need to discuss it now. I'll tell you once we are on our way."
Ben stood for a moment more,trying to figure out what may have transpired between Felicity and Martha that would have caused this sort of distress.
Felicity struggled with the saddle,then turned back towards Ben with an exasperated look. "Come on! Help me with this!"
Ben jumped forward to grab the end of the saddle,hurt prickling his skin at Felicity's tone. He decided to speak up. "Lissie,unless I am the reason for your anger,please don't snap at me."
Felicity closed her eyes,and was quiet for a moment. "My apologies. 'Twas not my intention to speak harshly to you." She looked Ben in the eye and smiled slightly.
Ben saw the distress still written across her face,and felt a little guilty for coercing an apology. "Think nothing of it. Let's be on our way."
Their rides were always one part routine,with a planned route and meeting place that they would race towards,and one part exploration that they would take together. They reached the outskirts of Williamsburg,then urged their horses into a full gallop. Patriot was a spirited horse,but Ben could tell that he preferred Penny to lead the way. As they ran,Ben felt the warm wind rushing by,and saw the trees turn into a green blur. He looked up,and saw Penny running ahead,with Felicity bent low in the saddle. Ben hoped that the run was helping to clear her mind.
Felicity was waiting patiently as he reached the creek,and together they urged their horses on slowly. Ben was hoping that Felicity would speak up and tell him why she had been so upset,but she remained silent and seemingly in thought. He decided to break the ice.
"I had the strangest encounter today. One of Nan's friends came into the store today for some nutmeg,or so I thought. She ended up screaming at me right there about how I broke her heart." He saw a smile begin on Felicity's face,and continued,"It was over something that Nan must have told her about me,but I haven't the faintest idea what she could have said." He shook his head. "It made me remember in a way how Annabelle always used to pay me visits,but this girl was completely mad!" He was relieved to hear Felicity finally laugh. He continued,"It was always amusing how you and Elizabeth had carried on as if it was this huge secret that I must never know,but all in all,Annabelle's affections were pretty obvious to me from the start. In fact,I had written letters to my sisters for advice on how to deal with her,and after a fair bit of teasing,the general consensus was that I remain polite and give her as few words as possible. It eventually worked! But this girl,I'm afraid she may return and put a knife in my back."
Felicity grinned. "So let me get this straight. She comes in,asks for nutmeg,then starts screaming at you?"
"Aye!" Ben said. "Well,mostly. You should have seen her eyes. Pure hatred. I really must speak to Nan about this."
Felicity raised an eyebrow. "Which friend was it?"
"I'm afraid that I do not remember her name." Ben confessed. "There lies the crux of the issue. I guessed that her name was Catherine,and she was furious."
Felicity clicked her tongue in sympathy. "Poor girl! Can you describe her? Perhaps I might know."
Ben shrugged. "Dark hair,dark eyes. Average height,I reckon. Always looks at her feet."
"That would be Sylvie." Felicity replied. Her face took on a somber tone.
"Oh." Ben replied. "I….perhaps I never learned her name in the first place. I would have remembered that." Sylvie was the name of Ben's eldest sister,who had passed away less than a year prior along with her newborn daughter. Thoughts of his sister entered into his mind as a familiar sadness washed over him. He had not seen her since before he had left to fight in the war,and when he had returned to Yorktown,she had been on bedrest with a difficult pregnancy and he had been too ill to visit her. He thought about his parents;how difficult it had been for them,and for his brother-in-law and their children to lose their wife and mother.
He felt Felicity watching him,and looked up to see her sympathetic smile. "Should we stop here and rest?" She suggested.
He looked around himself. They had reached a forest clearing. The sun was shining brightly,without a cloud in the sky. He returned her smile,"Aye,this is perfect. But,let's stay close to the trees. You don't want the sun turning your nose pink!" He swung his leg over the saddle,jumping down to the ground,then walked over to offer a hand to Felicity.
She laid out a blanket and they both sat down upon it,then Felicity busied herself with the basket of refreshments while Ben remained deep in thought. He looked down and smiled as her hand grabbed his,turned his palm up,and placed a bread roll into it. She then handed him a small jar of cherry preserves.
Ben placed the jar of preserves down,then idly tossed the roll into the air and caught it,still thinking about his sister. He still had trouble comprehending that she was gone. It had been years since he had seen her,and to him,she was always just a couple of days ride away. He wondered if this mindset was perhaps the best one for his emotional well-being. He sighed and turned his face in the direction of the breeze,thinking of his parents. Fate indeed had been cruel to them. He had been terribly ill for two weeks after returning from the war and had narrowly survived,only for Sylvie and her daughter to pass less than three weeks later.
"Tell me what is on your mind?" Felicity cut in to his thoughts and he turned towards her,seeing question marks in her eyes. He shook himself out of his reverie and remembered the most pressing task at hand. "I'm fine,Lissie,it's nothing. What about yourself? What happened with your mother?"
Felicity looked down at her hands,idly folding and unfolding a handkerchief. "Mother told me that Joseph had asked for my hand in marriage,and she and Father had agreed to it." She looked up at Ben and gave a wry smile. "Turns out,Nan was right."
Ben's heart leaped into his throat,and his breath caught. "But he had not asked you?" He asked incredulously.
"No,no he did not." Felicity tossed the handkerchief away,keeping her head down.
Ben waited for her to elaborate,but she stayed silent. His heart pounded in his chest,but he forced an even tone. "So what did you say?"
Felicity looked at him sharply,as if she was slightly insulted that he had asked. She ignored his question,and continued her thought. "Why did he not ask me? Did he automatically think my answer was affirmative,so there was no reason to ask me? Or does my opinion not matter,ever?" Her voice was rising in anger.
Ben couldn't help himself. "Joseph may be the only one who thinks your opinion does not matter." He commented,not feeling any remorse.
Felicity gave the same wry half-smile,and shrugged her shoulders.
Ben repeated his question. "So what did you say?"
Felicity looked him in the eye. "I told Mother that I did not wish to marry Joseph. That I wished instead to break it off."
Ben's heart soared,but he continued to keep his voice even. "That was your reply? Right then and there?" He grinned,hoping to get her to smile. "There is no one,anywhere that could accuse you of cowardice!"
Felicity pressed her lips together,not picking up on the hint. "Mother pressed me as to why I felt this way,and I told her my concerns. They were the same as I told you that night,how he always talks over me,corrects me,explains the simplest things to me in the most irritating manner..." She trailed off,then continued. "I told her I was not happy around him."
Ben saw the cold fury return to Felicity's face,and couldn't help but feel pleased at it. Perhaps this was the end of Joseph in his and Felicity's lives. He waited to feel pings of guilt,but there were none.
"What did your mother say?" He asked,leaning towards her.
"She asked me if I had told him of my concerns,and when I said that I hadn't,she told me that communication was the most important thing in any marriage,and I had best learn that soon." Felicity went back to fidgeting with her handkerchief.
"Hm," Ben said,thinking. Martha indeed had a point,but at the same time… "I believe that…how should I put this?" He went silent for a moment,and Felicity looked up at him,waiting his answer. "I believe that if you were truly the girl that Joseph wanted,he should love your temperament as much as your face. If he truly loved you,Felicity Merriman,he would be encouraging you to be your true self,and not spending so much time correcting any perceived faults with your behavior." He laid down on his back,arms crossed behind his head.
A smile broke out on Felicity's face,and Ben was glad to see it. "Awww,you are such a sweet,sensitive boy Benjamin Davidson! Why do you not write Valentines notes?"
Ben smiled,blushing a little. He continued,"I mean it. There are pretty girls everywhere,but time eventually changes us all,then what is left is our personalities."
Felicity chuckled,"Now that last statement should for sure go on a Valentine's note. Am I to interpret what you are saying as eventually I will get old and fat,then my poor husband,whomever he may be,will be stuck with only my charming personality?" She grinned down at him.
"Aye,that is exactly it. Joseph is an unwise man if he thinks that what all that he is getting out of a potential marriage is your pretty face 'til death do you both part!"
They both lapsed into silence as a bird called from somewhere nearby. Felicity laid down on the blanket next to him,less than an arm's length away. She looked over at him,a troubled expression crossing over her face. "But now,you see,now I've done it. I don't think you understand how serious of a predicament this is. Joseph has been courting me for a year,and that is a very long time. Mother implored me to think about the seriousness of breaking it off at this point."
Ben scoffed. This was too easy. "Lissie,you have been with him for a year? Marriage is the rest of your life! What is a year compared to thirty,fifty,perhaps even seventy years? If there is no love…." He shook his head. "I would rather remain a bachelor than marry someone I did not love."
Felicity looked at him sadly. "I appreciate your counsel,and you do speak the truth. But,I wish you would listen to me. You are not beholden to the same standards as I am. I cannot just remain a bachelor,and breaking off a long courtship is a very serious deal for a girl."
Ben felt a slight bit of remorse at Felicity's words. "Okay,okay." He said,looking up towards the sky. "So,what do you think you will do?" He could not help but add,"Marry a man you have growing distaste for to please your mother and the rest of Williamsburg? Then what?"
"Why yes!" Felicity said. Ben detected several notes of sarcasm in her voice. "Then I will take a new lover each week! That is what all the high society ladies do!"
Ben snorted,"Just think about all the poor men in your wake!" He looked at her,wishing she would not resort to jokes when they were discussing such a serious matter. "Lissie,in all seriousness,please let me know if I can be of any help."
Please let me help. I can fix everything. Upon reflection of their entire conversation,he realized that there was nothing in Felicity's words that would indicate that she was considering him as a beau. It was if he had never confessed his feelings to her in the first place. Melancholy washed over him,and he closed his eyes. The two lapsed into silence once again.
"Ben," Felicity's voice cut in. Ben opened his eyes and looked over at her. She had a very peculiar expression on her face,was it shyness? That indeed was a rare expression for Felicity Merriman.
"Hm?" Ben asked.
"May I…." Felicity paused as if to think for a moment,then continued,"May I rest my head on your shoulder?" Color tinged her cheeks.
Ben smiled,"Yes,of course." Felicity scooted close to him,and he laid his arm across the blanket so she could rest her head on his shoulder. Ben felt her body lay against his,melting away his melancholy feeling. She had never been so close to him before,except for fleeting hello and goodbye embraces. Above them,the sun shone brightly,a light wind brushed past their faces,and Ben felt a new sense that he had never felt before,was it a feeling of completeness?
At that moment,Felicity sniffled. Ben opened his eyes and turned his head towards her,surprised to see that she was crying. "Lissie? Whatever is the matter?"
"I just don't know how I got here." Felicity said,tears streaming down her cheeks. "Why did I stay with him so long? Why did I not realize sooner how unhappy I was? If only I could go back and tell myself to end it six months ago…I'm so stupid,so very stupid." She sobbed,then to Ben's surprise,turned her body towards him and wrapped one arm across his midsection as if he was a pillow.
In response,Ben wrapped his free arm around her. "Lissie,everything will be okay,don't worry." He rubbed her back,marveling at how natural this motion felt to him. "Just follow what your heart tells you."
"How am I going to be able to stand up to Mother and Father?" Felicity sniffled again,then pressed her face into Ben's side. She spoke again with a muffled voice,"they are already so disappointed in me;they know,they all know…" She sobbed.
"The hard part is already done. You have already told your mother what you want. The seed has been planted. Above all,she loves you and wants you to be happy. You perchance just took her by surprise. In fact,I believe she will agree that you need to turn down the offer of engagement." He smiled,continuing,"And come on Lissie,in all of the years I have been here,I have never once seen your father say no to you or react with disappointment towards you. Not once! Why,I'll bet that he goes to Joseph and turns down the offer for you the moment he hears from your mother about what you said!"
"Well,there was that one time when I forgot my grandmother's guitar….." Felicity trailed off. She looked at him and gave a grateful smile,but did not let go.
Ben reflected on the scene,how he and Felicity laid together so intimately,wrapped in each other's arms. He tried to focus on just this physical interaction,beating back the urge to ask Felicity about what her thoughts were on him.
She has enough emotional issues to deal with right now. She does not need yours. 
When can I ask?
When Joseph is out of the picture. From the looks of things,it will be soon.
As he vowed to himself that he would be patient,Felicity held onto him just a little tighter.
Author's notes:
1) Breakups are confusing. No matter how clear cut they seem like they should be,it always turns into a damn mess.
2) I know I promised a fight,but I felt like the above scene was important too.

Ben dragged up a chair across from the sofa in the Merriman's sitting room,sat down in it,and looked straight at Nan. She looked up briefly from her sewing and gave him a smirk,then looked back down at her sampler.
Ben smiled inwardly at this interaction. The holier-than-thou,tattletale-prone Nan that he remembered from back before the war had taken on a bit of a twisted persona as she got older. At one point,Felicity had described Nan as a Queen Bee. Ben had not known what that meant,and Felicity did not explain it well. But he was starting to piece it together. It seemed like Nan enjoyed stirring up mild trouble among her many,many friends,but such as long as it did not involve or reflect on her. Despite this,he knew she had a quick wit and fierce loyalty to her family. He forced a stern look,and cleared his throat.
She looked up at him,and held up her sampler. "Do you like this one? I think it has turned out rather well." Ben considered it. It was a simple piece of work,depicting what looked to be violets and roses.
"Hm," Ben considered it,"'Tis very nice. You've made quite an improvement." Nan stared at him. "Improvement from what? You've not seen any of my earlier samples."
Ben corrected himself,"Forgive me. Perhaps I'm confusing your samplers with Lissie's." Nan gave a short laugh,busying herself again. "It is always so hilarious to look back at Lissie's work. In fact,it is also hilarious to look at her recent work. Anyways," She fixed Ben with a pointed gaze,"was there something you wanted to speak to me about?"
"Oh," Ben sat up a little straighter. Nan had the habit of putting people off guard. "I had an odd encounter yesterday with one of your friends at your father's store. She mentioned something you had said. I'm a little concerned for her;is there something you could clear up?"
Nan raised an eyebrow. "Which friend was it?"
"Felicity told me that her name was Sylvie." Ben replied,and Nan smiled. "Tell me what happened."
"Well,she came in supposedly looking for nutmeg,but it took a couple of tries to get that information from her,as she would only stare at her feet and mumble all of her words. Then she suddenly looked me right in the eye,demanded that I stop calling her 'miss',and asked me repeatedly if I knew what her name was."
Nan learned forward,grinning. "Well,did you know her name?"
Ben sighed,"Afraid not." He admitted. "In fact,I'm not even sure that I knew it in the first place."
Nan laughed,and Ben caught the amused sparkle in her eyes. "I'm sure that you did not know it,because she was always too cowardly to talk to you! Anyways,do go on! What happened when you told her that you hadn't the faintest idea?"
Ben suddenly felt a bit guilty,as he realized that Nan seemed to be reveling in poor Sylvie's public outburst. He pressed on,trying to minimize the girl's emotional display. "She became a little distraught,and told me that I broke her heart. She said that it was over something you told her. So,I'm curious to know,did you tell her something about me?"
"Is that it?" Nan looked a little disappointed. "She outright told you that you broke her heart?"
Ben tilted his head,considering. He knew that Nan was looking for more details,and decided he would not indulge her. "What did you tell her about me?" He was about to ask her exactly why she talked about him,but decided to hold off.
"Well,I told her that you were in love with Felicity." Nan said nonchalantly.
Ben blinked. "What? He gripped the armrests of the chair. "What did you say?"
Nan looked him straight in the eye,and repeated herself. "I told her that you loved Felicity."
"Nan,you didn't!" Ben protested,"Why did you do that? You know that could cause a lot of trouble,for me and for Felicity!" His heart pounded in his chest. "And Sylvie…don't you think you are being a little cruel to your friend?"
Nan leaned back in her seat,and looked up towards the ceiling,"You don't know how irritating she always is,always coming over here or the store,hoping she would find you. I think she only wishes to be my friend to be close to you,don't you see it? I wouldn't mind so much if she was fun,but she makes for rather dull company. So,few days ago I decided to put an end to it." She sat back up and tilted her head knowingly. "You could even say that this was for her own good. Now she can find something else to obsess over."
"But Felicity….? You know she has a suitor…." Ben said weakly.
Nan rolled her eyes. "Oh come off of it. Did she explicitly mention Lissie? If she did not,there is no problem. And even if she did,then who is going to believe the poor ninny?"
Ben sighed and ran a hand though his hair,smoothing back a few strands that had come free from his hair tie. It wasn't his place to chastise Nan. He could tell Felicity,and she would likely box her sister's ears,but he was not sure what that would accomplish. He looked back at Nan,and noted her smug smile.
"Right then," Ben stood up,"If you excuse me,I best be getting to the store." Nan nodded,grinning wider. He realized that he had not denied Nan's allegations of being in love with Felicity,but it felt a little pointless to bring it up.
Felicity sat in her father's study and fidgeted with the point of a quill. At the back of her mind she knew that there was residual ink staining her fingers,but that was not important now. Across from her sat her mother,and in a few minutes time her father would be joining them to speak on a very important manner.
It was all very silly,she figured. She didn't know why her mother thought to make this whole ordeal so important as to schedule a meeting in her father's study. Perhaps it was to make her realize that this was indeed a very serious time.
But it is a very serious time. You are being foolish and you should treat it as such. 
Felicity shook her head slightly to get rid of the dissenting voice,and focused on what Ben had told her. You should follow what your heart tells you. He had said,as he rubbed her back. She simply saw no way forward with Joseph.
Now,to make her mother and father see it. First of all,there was no reason to be apprehensive. She decidedly put down the quill,and looked at her mother in the eye. "I feel as though I am in trouble. Is this feeling justified?" She asked plaintively.
Her mother gave her a slight smile. "No,you are not in trouble Lissie. Your father and I just wanted to speak with you to get an idea of your plans. We want to be sure you are making the correct decisions for your life."
Felicity nodded. She knew her mother meant to be reassuring,but she wasn't buying it. She felt the need to pick up the quill once again,but suppressed this impulse and spoke again. "I simply don't understand why this has to be so…so…official." As soon as the words were out of her mouth,she realized how petulant they sounded. Still,she itched to leap up from the chair,flee out the door,run to the stables,and ride Penny beyond the colonies to the western wilderness.
But,she knew it wouldn't take long before she got lonely,even with Penny. At this,a fleeting image of Ben riding alongside her flew through her mind.
Felicity did not have time to process this thought before the door swung open and her father walked in. He nodded and smiled at Martha and Felicity,who grinned back more nervously than she would have liked. He took a seat next to Martha,and they both looked at Felicity. Her father wasted no time in getting to it. "Lissie,your mother tells me that you are considering breaking off your courtship with Joseph. I'm aware that you know by now he has asked your mother and I for your hand in marriage,and we have both given our consent. I wish we had known about your hesitation towards him;perhaps we would have thought twice. Lissie,would you explain your feelings on your courtship and the engagement?" Felicity saw nothing threatening in her father's eyes,only confusion.
After explaining it to Ben,and Elizabeth,and her Mother,and Ben for the second time,Felicity had grown weary of re-hashing her feelings. Yet,she knew that this is when it really mattered. She decided to start off with an example.
"Don't you and mother think it is a little odd that he spoke to you about an official engagement,without first asking me what I thought of the idea? Nan was actually the first person to tell me about it,and I did not believe her in the slightest!"
"Aye,that is true." Edward said. "We were both surprised to hear that Joseph had not asked your first."
Martha injected,"Do you think it is possible that he may have brought it up to you,but you did not hear him?"
Felicity made a face,"No,no,Mother,that is absurd. I do not simply just tune him out."
"Lissie,watch your tone." Martha replied,frowning. Felicity bit her tongue,making a note to stay pleasant and forthright. She decided to continue,"You can see that is just one example of how he does not seem to value my opinions."
"Are there more examples?" Her father asked. Felicity read his expression as being curious.
"Yes,more than I can count,but nothing so concrete." Felicity was not sure that she could tell individual stories without sounding petulant and entitled. "It's just….it's just that he is always talking to me as if I am a child. He does not value my ideas or my opinions or my mind. And when I am around him,I feel like I cannot value myself anymore. I simply am not happy in his company,and I cannot marry him." She was sure to hold her parents gaze.
Edward Merriman looked at Martha,and nodded. "Well there we have it." Felicity allowed herself a small smile,relief washing over her. He continued,"but Lissie,as your mother was referring to earlier,things might be a bit different for you." Felicity sat up straighter,fully expecting what was to come next.
Martha spoke up. "You know that it does not look good for you,to break off a courtship. People will talk about you,and wonder what may have happened. You may not be able to find a new suitor for awhile,but in the case that you do,word will spread that you are tempestuous. Do you understand,my daughter?" Felicity nodded slowly. She knew that this was the case,but could not help but feel apprehensive.
Martha continued. "You will have to work extra hard to earn back your reputation. And keep this in mind. It is not just a reflection of you,it is also a reflection on all of us. Myself and your father,Nan,William,and Polly. Perhaps it even reflects on Ben." Felicity flinched at this. Oh Mother,if you knew the full truth of it. 
"I understand,and I welcome the opportunity to prove myself." Felicity said solemnly. She continued,choosing her words carefully. "Please know how happy and blessed I feel to have parents that understand me and are looking out for my happiness."
Her mother took her hand. "Of course we want you to be happy,Lissie. Forgive us if we seem sad over this. We did very much like Joseph,and we will miss him. But this leads us to the most important part:You will have to tell Joseph that you will not marry him;your father and I cannot do it for you. And you had best do it soon;if Elizabeth knows,and Ben knows,and Nan probably has figured it out by now…" She trailed off,then continued,"You have to take care so that he is not upset about it;he does not seem the type to lash out in anger but this is a serious case."
Felicity swallowed nervously. She previously had daydreams about finally telling Joseph off,but now that it was a task she had to handle delicately,it felt like to much more of an ordeal. Still,she felt relieved to have gotten the message through to her parents. She spoke,"Yes,yes I will. I'll be seeing him tomorrow,and I hope the moment will be right."
"You cannot just wait for a right moment,dear Lissie," Her mother said with a smile that was almost sad,"With many things the right moment does not exist. You have to stand up and be brave. And that,my Daughter,is what I know you can do best."
A bit later,Felicity was in up in her room,idly flipping through the various letters she had collected from Ben over the past two weeks. She had come up to change into an older gown that she didn't mind getting grubby,but she figured the garden would not get up and walk away in her absence.
She knew that young women who broke off long courtships often had a bad reputation foisted upon them,but had always dismissed it as silly. She didn't see why this had to be,for wasn't it wise to end a courtship if one was unhappy? Why continue leading the fellow on? Wouldn't it be a dishonest act to say wedding vows to someone you did not want to marry? She knew in her heart that this was the right thing to do,yet,she knew it was important to preserve her reputation for the sake of her parents.
This left her with a bit of an impasse with Ben. She had warned him of the potential repercussions for them both if they were to form a couple,yet he had just smiled. Then again,while taking a rest during their ride yesterday she had brought her concerns up again. Yet,she felt as though he did not take her seriously. Perhaps it was time to have another serious talk with him.
She had separated a few letters out from her collection;ones that she liked to re-read to lift her spirits. She unfolded one,taking care as to not cause too much wear on the creases of the paper.
October 30th,1779
Dearest Lissie,
The days are starting to get shorter now and I can feel the cold seeping in very gradually. I remember you telling me that this was your most favorite time of year and seeing you as the Autumn Maiden has made you,Lissie,and the season to be one and the same. 
I am still reconciling the two images I have of you in my mind. I remember you as I first left Williamsburg;you were twelve years old and trying not to cry as I was packing my things. That was the final image I had of you for quite some time. You were so young at that point! Now I have seen you as a young woman,and I wonder,how did this happen? Would this have had the same effect on me if I had never left?
I must think about these questions more,but in the meanwhile I will tell you that Autumn is now my favorite season as well.
Think well on me,
Ben Davidson
Felicity folded the letter up,and placed it on the top of the neat stack. He had written it just weeks after Publick Times that year,and to Felicity,it suggested that he was starting to think of her in a more-than-friendship way. So she figured it was not likely that Elizabeth's prediction about Ben only loving her after seeing her with another man was true.
She pulled out her gardening gown and laid it on her bed,figuring she had best get started. Ben would return from work in the late afternoon,and she would see to it that they spoke before dinner.
Since the store had not been so busy,Edward had released Ben early from work for the day. Ben walked back to the Merriman's house slowly,making an effort to tolerate the heat of the late afternoon. As he walked,he thought back to a few hours prior,when he had helped out Elizabeth Cole at the store. The conversation and exchange had not been unusual,although Ben could tell that something was a bit different,almost as if Elizabeth was suspicious of him. Ben knew that Felicity had visited with Elizabeth yesterday morning,and he could almost guarantee that it had something to do with her. Either way,he had always gotten along well with Elizabeth,so the idea that she might think poorly of him stung a little.
As he opened the gate to the Merriman property,he saw Felicity poke her head up at him from somewhere in the middle of the unruly pumpkin vines. He grinned,reminded of a guilty rabbit intruder. Felicity smiled back to him,and lifted a muddy hand to beckon him closer.
He approached her,and bowed low. "Good afternoon Miss Merriman! Your garden is looking very respectable!" In the past,the Merrimans had paid particular attention to the creation of a tidy garden with heaps of flowers,but in the effort to produce as many fruits and vegetables as possible with all of the shortages,proper organization had been forgone and Felicity sat in the middle of a mess of greenery.
Felicity laughed,and responded in kind. "Good afternoon to you too Mr. Davidson! Thank you for such a nice compliment!" She stood up,wiped her hands on a rag,then picked up the edges of her gown and walked carefully over to him. "You're back early."
"Aye," Ben replied. The store was not so busy so your father sent me on my way. He mentioned a few repairs that needed to be done around the stables and the house so I suppose I'll have to earn my keep that way."
Felicity gave him a half smile,then looked down,shuffling her feet a bit.
Ben immediately noticed her change in demeanor. "Everything alright with you Lissie?" He asked,concerned.
"Could we talk for a few minutes?" Felicity asked,then added,"It's a little important."
Ben was not at all surprised to hear this,especially given what they had spoken about during yesterday's ride. "Of course we can talk." He looked around. "Somewhere private?"
Felicity looked him in the eye. "Could we go to your room?"
"Uh," Ben glanced in the direction of his loft. Felicity had been up to his loft more than a few times,yet for some reason it felt a bit,perhaps,serious this time? That,and he wasn't quite sure the last time he had tidied it up. He looked back at her,and saw that she was biting her lip in that way that girls often did when they wanted something. Of course she would get it. "Yes,I agree that would be best."
At the top of the stairs,Ben gestured to hold Felicity back,then entered the room and quickly pulled a blanket across the bed,tossed a few clothes into a basket,and gathered his books and papers into a single stack on his desk. He then opened the door and gestured for her to enter. She did,smiling at his behavior all the while. In the room,they took their usual places with Felicity sitting on his bed,while Ben turned his desk chair around to face her.
Felicity wasted no time. "I had this frighteningly….official meeting with my mother and father,in which we discussed my courtship with Joseph,and they agreed that I should end it." She took a deep breath,and Ben felt a big smile spread across his face. "Well,that's good…you see? Your parents want you to be happy above all else." Felicity stared down at her lap,saying nothing else. Her fingers,which were never idle,twisted around themselves. Ben noticed this and took a small wooden horse off his desk and handed it to her so that she could have something to hold. He then stood up,and sat down next to her on the bed.
She looked back up at him and smiled gratefully,then continued. "That was decided on very quickly. The remainder of the conversation was informing me that I may not get any more offers of courtship anytime soon,but if I do very soon,it will suggest that I am tempestuous,how this could damage my reputation,and so on,and so forth."
Ben nodded. "Aye,but I think it won't be so much trouble." He smiled. "My parents gave this same talk to my sister,Anna. She then continued to break off so many more courtships…" He shook his head,remembering the various suitors that came in and out of the Davidson's lives for nearly three years.
Felicity smiled at the mention of Anna. Ben knew that she and Anna had built a good friendship and often exchanged letters. "Aye,I can imagine that. Your mother and your sisters seem to live by their own rules." She looked at him,and continued. "Ben,the point that my mother and father emphasized was that my decision in this matter would reflect on them,as well as my siblings,and perhaps even you."
Ben pressed his lips together,thinking about that last statement. "You think that I care that this might hurt my reputation? Lissie,get serious with me."
Felicity frowned. "I care." She said,very straightforwardly. "So,I think you should care too." She continued,narrowing her eyes ever so slightly at him. "My mother and father have been so understanding with me,I must do right by them. I want you to understand."
Ben sighed,realizing that she was absolutely in the right. "I do understand Lissie." They both fell silent for a moment,and Ben considered the implications of Felicity's words. It was looking like Felicity was going to be avoiding any sort of relationship for the known future.
He swallowed,and allowed his thoughts to tumble out. "So…forgive me,Lissie….but I must know….what does that mean for us?" He felt a lump forming in his throat and was dismayed.
Damn it,why do I cry so easily?
Felicity looked at him with wide eyes and grasped his hand. "Please don't be disheartened!" She could read him way too easily. "You know that I want…" she blushed slightly and struggled to find the right words,"…that…if I judge by how I feel when I am around someone,I know that I am happiest around you. So….I think that….I want to be with you."
I want to be with you. Ben repeated this phrase to himself in his mind,as the words reached clarity. "Really? You mean it?" He grinned,feeling tears prickling his eyes,which he did not mind in the least.
"Aye." Felicity said,a smile breaking out on her face. She reached out,and he gently took her hand and pressed his lips against it,then guided it to rest on his cheek,just as she had done the night of the tavern brawl. She leaned in very close to him,and they both hesitated for just a moment,before Ben closed the gap and kissed her. Unsure that it was the right thing to do,he decided to pull away,but then Felicity wrapped her arms around his upper back and returned the kiss,pressing against him so intensely that he thought for a moment he might fall backwards. His hands found her waist,and he trailed one hand up her back to the nape of her neck.
After several moments he broke away and leaned in to kiss her neck. She sighed in delight and laid backwards onto the bed,pulling him down over her. He propped himself up by his elbows,and studied her face. She wore a blissful smile,and her bright green eyes sparkled. 'What?" She asked,blushing a little under his gaze. "Nothing," he shook his head and smiled. "I'm just admiring you,that's all."
She chuckled,then wrapped her arms around his upper back once more,guiding him closer. "Come here." She simply said before they kissed again. Ben put his arms around her shoulders and rolled them both over so that now she was on top of him,and their roles were switched. Now she was the one studying his face. He smiled and implored her,"Say it to me again,the last thing you told me before….this."
Felicity thought for a moment,her eyes looking skyward and her mouth quirked into a smile. She then looked him right in the eye and grinned,whispering,"I want to be with you."
If it was at all possible,Ben would have sworn that he melted right into the bed. "Honestly and truly?" He asked. Felicity leaned in to kiss him again,but hesitated right before. She then diverted to bury her face into his neck,and spoke again with a voice that was muffled,yet forthright. "Honestly and truly. You are mine!"
Before he had time to consider the implications of those words,a voice outside called out. "Felicity? Lissie!"
It was Nan. Startled,Felicity sat upright and called back. "I'm up here!" She promptly clapped her hands over her mouth at her error.
Ben barked a laugh at this and shook his head. He didn't know if he should panic and hide,or…let Nan come to her own conclusions. Felicity looked down at him with wide eyes,"You had best get up! And….and your shirt! It's all muddy!"
"Oh!" Ben sat up and looked down at himself. Felicity's soiled gardening clothes had definitely rubbed off on him as well as his bed. He started fruitlessly trying to brush himself off.
Nan called up,"What are you doing in Ben's loft? Is Ben there too?" She continued,"Lissie,you said you would come and do the mending after you were finished with the garden! I have plans you know!"
"Put on a different shirt!" Felicity hissed at him. She bent down at the basket and started rummaging around,tossing articles of clothing out as she searched. Outside,they both heard Nan's footsteps climbing up the stairs. She found one,then held it up at Ben. "Here!"
Ben started to unbutton his shirt,fingers fumbling as he raced through the task. From the sounds of it,Nan was almost outside the door. Felicity frantically pulled his shirttail out,and then roughly yanked the partially-unbuttoned shirt up and over his head with such a force that they both heard a tear. "Hey!" Ben protested. "I'll mend it!" Felicity hissed back. She tossed the shirt that she had found to him,then ran to turn the quilt over. Ben was grateful that this new shirt had no buttons,and could quickly be pulled over his head. He was smoothing his hair out just as Nan knocked on the door. "Why is this door closed? What are you both doing in here?"
"Come on in Nan," Ben said,making an effort to use an even voice. She swung the door open and looked at the scene. Felicity sat on the bed with her hands clasped in her lap while Ben sat several paces away at his desk. Nan rolled her eyes at them. "I swear to God Lissie,you are never working. Now,please please please would you take over the mending so I may go and spend some time with a few of my dear friends?"
"Yes,Nan,I was just on my way to start in with it. Ben and I were just discussing-"
Nan cut in. "I care very little about what you both are talking about." She thought for a moment. "Or doing. Or whatever! Just get started,or Mother will have both of us whipped."
Ben inwardly flinched at Nan's words. It seemed as though she had an idea of what may have been happening. He remembered their conversation earlier,about how Nan had told Sylvie of his love for Felicity. He looked at Felicity,and was surprised to see her laugh at Nan's snippiness. "Calm your breeches dear sister! Mother is so very impressed by how you have been doing all of my chores that I'm sure she would let you be the one to brandish the whip!"
"Fine. Just as long as she knows which one of us is worth our salt." Sniffed Nan. Felicity frowned,speaking up. "I'll have you know that I spent the last several hours working in the garden." "Obviously!" Nan shot back,"Look at you! Were you rolling around in the mud?" Felicity gave her a defiant smile. "I practically had to do so in order to stay cool! You should be grateful that I agree to do the hard,uncomfortable work while you can sit in the parlor,sipping lemonade!" Nan ignored this last comment,and looked around the room,which once again had clothes strewn about. "Why is it such a mess in here?" She fixated on Ben,"and did you realize that your shirt is torn?"
Ben looked down,realizing that he had put on the shirt that had been torn during the brawl at the tavern. He cursed himself for not bothering to get it mended.
The faintest smile passed over Nan's face,but she suppressed it as soon as it surfaced. "Just attend to the mending." She said to Felicity,"Or Mother will know why exactly it is not done."
Felicity merely smiled at this threat,"I do sincerely hope that you calm yourself. You don't want to be taking that sour disposition out calling."
Nan pointed at Felicity,her mouth opening,then closing again. She dropped her hand at her side,then turned on her heel and left,slamming the door behind her.
Felicity sighed with relief and turned to Ben. "That was close!" "Aye!" Agreed Ben. He shook his head. "I'm always so amazed watching you two verbally spar with one another." Felicity smiled. "She thinks she can outsmart and control everyone around her,so I need to remind her in so many ways that I am the eldest."
"Lissie,it seems as though Nan had an inkling as to what was going on in here." Ben said. "No,no,I highly doubt it." Felicity said confidently,"otherwise we would have gotten quite a different reaction." She thought for a moment,then nodded,"Yes,I believe she has no clue." Ben considered bringing up the conversation he had earlier with Nan,but decided against it. He considered another loose end. "Well,what about William? He may have heard us that night after the tavern." Felicity laughed. "Even if he did hear us,William knows by now not to cross me."
Ben shook his head in disbelief,not wanting to know this particular backstory. "Honestly…the three of you….I feel as though I am witnessing the members of the Continental Congress in action." Felicity grinned at him. "Am I to believe that you never fought with your sisters?" Ben considered this,"No,they were all much older than me. So,I witnessed many fights among themselves,but I was always immune." He thought for a moment more,"Maybe that is not completely true. In fact,they waited until I was older,then all ganged up on me. But,it was never serious. Most of the time I just simply get wrestled to the ground as soon as I walk in the door." He smiled at the memories,and Felicity laughed. "How ladylike!"
The two of them lapsed into silence for a moment,and Ben looked up to see Felicity watching him,a twinkle in her eye. He smiled at her and felt himself blush,and Felicity spoke up. "So…now what do we do?"
Ben felt as though they had this conversation before. And,while it was true that they had to be discreet for the time being,he believed that the same course remained. He leaned forward,just as he did as he spoke to Felicity the night after the tavern brawl,and said the same words. "So,when are you breaking off your courtship?"
Felicity replied without hesitation. "There is dancing tomorrow night in the public square,and I'll be going with Joseph. I'll speak with him then." She said,nervousness creeping in to her voice. Ben squeezed her hand. She smiled at him,and stood up. "I suppose I best get to mending,and you should get your chores done too."
"Right." Ben released her hand,and she turned towards the door. He thought for a moment,then called out to her,"Lissie,there is one more thing. While sorting through my desk earlier,I came across one more letter that had become separated from the stack. I would like to give it to you." She turned around as he stood up and opened his desk drawer,then pulled out the letter. There was a twinge of guilt as he realized that this was a bit of a lie by omission;he had been the one to separate the letter from the stack some time ago. He now realized that Felicity should have it.
She took the letter and tucked it into the pocket of her apron. "Thank you. I have been a little sad that there are no more letters to read. But,I then tell myself that I have you here,in front of me. That itself is worth a thousand letters." Ben felt warmth spread through his chest at these words,and before he could reply,Felicity kissed him quickly on the lips,briefly touched his cheek,and ran out the door.
Author's notes:
1) It is not my intention to make Nan into a villain. I believe that these are normal tweenage sibling mannerisms.
2) Martha and Edward Merriman don't actually whip their children.
3) I originally planned a different ending to this chapter,but it was taking way too long to get there. So,I split it in half. Hopefully I can get this updated soon!
4) I couldn't think of a decent chapter summary to leave on top of the story. The best I could come up with was "Felicity talks with her parents,and spends more quality time with Ben." It sounds boring,so I left it off. Other prefaces that did not make the cut were "Felicity antagonizes Nan," or,"Gotta earn that Teen rating!" No good.
5) In the next chapter,we finally see Joseph again. Really!

A/N: This chapter is written entirely in Felicity's POV.
Felicity pulled her hair tie out,then ran her fingers through her hair to undo her loose braid. In a few minutes,Joseph would arrive at the house,and they would go together for music and dancing in the public square. This was a common thing that the two of them would always do together,as Felicity had delighted in the fact that Joseph also enjoyed dancing and she always had great fun with him on these evenings.
However,tonight was a different story. She had made the decision to break it off with Joseph,and it had to be done soon. She picked up a hair brush and worked it through her hair,taking extra care with the tangles. As she did this,her mind went to consider how the conversation would play out. The best case scenario would be that Joseph would talk down to her as he was often prone to doing. At this point,she would be justified in getting angry,they would argue,and she would tell him that she couldn't continue the courtship.
Easy as pie. 
But what if Joseph didn't upset her? How would she begin this conversation? Perhaps…perhaps she would try to make him upset. There had to be something she could do to set him off. She smiled with some bitterness as she realized that she never had any difficulty with annoying him previously,so why would tonight be any different?
On the opposite side,the worst case scenario would be for Joseph to officially ask for her hand before anything. Then what would she do? She vowed to herself that she would promptly end the courtship,lest she let it turn into an engagement.
She took a deep breath to try and rid herself of her nervousness,then put down the hair brush and studied her reflection in the mirror. It was strange;the hundreds of childish freckles she had worn as far back as she could remember had all but faded to a few sprinkling across her nose within the past year. She had always wanted to be rid of them,but now that she realized they were gone,she felt a bit...odd. Suddenly,she wished she was once again nine years old,when her biggest problem was the tons of freckles smattered across her face.
Is this what adults mean when they complain about getting old? 
She remembered back to that night a few weeks prior as she explained to Ben that as an adult,she would have to settle down and marry. At this point she had been truly resigned to an eventual marriage with Joseph. Never at any time did she dwell heavily on if being Joseph's wife would make her truly happy,since after all,she would still have her books,and Penny,and she would be able to call on her family at any time. And Joseph….it was not that she disliked him,but,she figured that the initial infatuation she felt with him would return with marriage. He was a good,kind man,and she felt that he would be a good husband and eventually,a wonderful father.
This all changed when Ben told her of his feelings for her. At first she had been incredulous due to the fact that she had provoked him into confessing everything,but it all added up. He always listened to her,he knew all of her likes and dislikes,and most importantly,he spoke to,no,spoke with her as if she were his intellectual equal. Then,there were the letters. As she read them,it became obvious that she was constantly on his thoughts during his final year as a soldier.
Perhaps my folly these past two weeks was comparing Joseph to Ben. 
Felicity tied her hair back once again as she mentally prepared herself to take Joseph's arm. In the back of her mind,she knew that she had committed a grievous misdeed by kissing Ben while already being spoken for,yet,she did not feel guilty in the slightest. She thought back to how she had tossed all abandon aside to enthusiastically put her arms around Ben,pull him close,and most importantly,declare that he belonged to her. Her mind wandered to the other times in which they had carried on with what could be interpreted as a more-than-friends manner,such as holding hands while walking home from her father's store,and laying in his arms while they rested during their ride.
The answer was clear. For some reason,nothing she ever did with Ben felt wrong. He was indeed hers,and now she would be his. She blushed a bit as she remembered sitting across from him during dinner both the previous night and just over an hour ago,exchanging knowing glances and hidden smiles,and she looked toward the next opportunity to be in his arms once again.
She tied a mob cap onto her head,and pulled a few strands of hair loose so that they would frame her face. She gave a reflection in the mirror a smile,then walked downstairs. Joseph was sitting in the parlor with her mother and father. He stood and grinned at her,"My dear Lissie! You look lovely as always!" She returned the smile,and glanced at her parents. Her father's expression was unreadable,but her mother gave her a nod and an ever-so-slight smile. Felicity interpreted this as a look of encouragement.
Encouragement for what,exactly?
She took a shawl from the tree rack and wrapped it around herself,as Joseph walked to her and offered his arm. She smiled at him and took it,then looked back at her parents. "Good-bye!" "Good night,Mr.,Mrs. Merriman. I'll have her back in a few hours." Joseph added,smiling all the while.
They walked in silence for a few moments before Joseph paused and turned towards her,then took both of her hands. "Felicity,I owe you an apology. I've not been around to call on you often the past few weeks,and if I have been,I worry that I have been rather short with you." He removed his hat,and ran a hand through his chin-length blonde hair. "There have been so many wounded and ill soldiers returning that I have been so busy working,and it has had a very exhausting effect on me,both physically and emotionally."
Felicity suddenly felt a little ashamed. Of course Joseph had been off doing very important work. She chose her words carefully. "I hope to God the carnage stops soon." "Aye." Joseph agreed. He looked towards the sky for a moment,then back at Felicity. "I sometimes wish my line of work had regular hours. I must be available at all hours of the night,and often for days at an end!" He shook his head,"but never mind all of that,it is my burden to bear and I should not be taking it out on you. Please forgive me,and I'll make it up to you."
Felicity sighed,not expecting this. It was on the tip of her tongue to inform him that she could not deal with a man who projected his difficulties on to her,and that she would have to deny his chance at redemption. She looked at him,and took note of the concern in his wide blue eyes. She knew that he detected her hesitation by the way that his grip on her hands tightened ever so slightly.
What kind of person would she be if she was to deny a man asking for forgiveness? She shifted uncomfortably as her courage drained. This moment was not ideal,but that did not mean she would agree to forgive him so easily. "You wish that people only got sick or hurt between the hours of eight in the morning and no later than five in the afternoon? Then your life would be much easier?" She raised an eyebrow at him quizzically,hoping to convey her message.
Joseph gave a short,uncomfortable laugh. "It's a silly thought,isn't it? I knew that my work would be like this,so I should be fine with it." Felicity remained silent,looking away. This was when Joseph would typically inform her that she was lucky not to have to worry about work,or money,or war,or anything at all,really. But,no follow-up came. Joseph touched her shoulder,"Lissie?" He questioned,furrowing his brow slightly.
Slightly disappointed,Felicity gave him a half-smile,and stated "Let's just get to the dancing." The night was young,and another opportunity to discuss her decision for sure would arise at some point during the evening. "But of course." Joseph released her hands,and offered his arm so that they could continue on the way.
The sounds of the drums,fiddles,guitar,and flute became audible as they approached the square,uplifting Felicity's spirits. She grinned widely as she recognized the song,and felt compelled to run and catch the end of it. She still got these impulses to break into a run with excitement as she did when she was a girl,but it had been pounded into her head to bury them. But now,she figured,what did she have to lose? This could be one more thing to alienate Joseph.
She let go of Joseph's arm,and instead grabbed his hand. "How I love this song! Let's hurry to catch the rest of it." With her free hand holding up the side of her gown,she broke into a sprint,pulling him along the way. At the square,she released Joseph's hand and dashed up to the platform where the dancing was taking place,taking the steps two at a time. It was then she turned to look at Joseph. It was on her mind that he would be slightly annoyed to have been pulled along,and she was surprised to see him flushed and holding down his tri-cornered hat,yet still grinning widely at her. The concerned look in his eyes was gone,and he grabbed her hand to twirl her around. Caught up in the music,Felicity spun in time,then quick-stepped around him in a circle while holding her gown on both sides. He offered his elbow to her again,and she linked arms with him as they circled again.
After a few more moments,the song ended and the crowd applauded. Felicity curtseyed to Joseph and he bowed in kind. It hadn't taken long for her to remember how much she liked dancing with him. She hadn't forgotten the task at hand,but,she figured that she could enjoy these last few hours of their relationship. She continued to skip,twirl,and quick-step with Joseph as the night wore on.
After several more songs,the fiddle player put his instrument down,and clapped his hands to get everyone's attention. Felicity recognized him as Walter's cousin. He gestured to himself and spoke. "My apologizes to all of you fine ladies and gentlemen,but,I must give fair warning." Laughter sprung from the crowd,and Felicity smiled. She did not know Will extremely well,but she knew him enough to recognize that he was always quick with a self-deprecating joke. He continued,"I've been practicing my singing voice for quite some time now,and I have decided that it is time enough for me to force it all upon you. So without further ado," He held his palms up to the crowd,"….please forgive me." The guitars started an upbeat tune,and Will began to sing.Peaches in the summertime,Apples in the fall!If I can't get the girl I love,I don't want none at all.
Felicity cheered along with the crowd at Will's clear,commanding voice,then turned to join hands with Joseph. Will continued,Shady Grove,my little love,Shady Grove I say,Shady Grove,my little loveI'm bound to go away.
The crowd formed two lines,and Felicity stepped and spun with Joseph and alternatively the unknown fellow next to him.Cheeks as red as a bloomin' roseEyes of the prettiest brownShe's the darling of my heart,Sweetest little girl in town
The fellow returned her to the line,and she reached for Joseph's familiar arms. He spun her around,and in doing so,placed a hand on her back to guide her back into place.Some come here to fiddle and danceSome come here to tarrySome come here to fiddle and dance,I come here to marry
Felicity caught Joseph's eye as she returned to the women's line,and noticed that he was staring at her rather intently. An uneasy feeling traveled down her spine,and she missed a few beats of the dance. She looked down at her feet as he took her hand again and awkwardly twirled her around,making her stumble a bit. Noticing her unease,Joseph grabbed her by the shoulders to support her and guide her out of the line,giving Felicity a fleeting impulse to shake herself free. She took a deep breath,unsure of what made her feel so skittish,and let him lead her away from the crowd and down the platform stairs.
"Lissie?" Joseph asked with concern,"Is everything okay? You looked to be having a fantastic time,and then you just…faltered." Felicity leaned against one of the wooden posts and closed her eyes,deciding that it had to be now. She opened her eyes to see Joseph staring at her in a really odd manner. Not concern but….was he thinking something over?
"Hm? Just what are you thinking about?" Asked Felicity,momentarily distracted by his quizzical expression. Joseph continued to study her for a few more seconds before replying,"May I try something?"
Slightly taken back,Felicity replied,"Beg pardon? What do you want to try?"
"Just relax." Joseph reached out and gently touched his fingers to the sides of her neck. Typically that was a sensitive area on her and she would often flinch away,but in this instance he used just the right amount of touch and pressure so that it felt soothing. He continued to move his fingers as if he was playing a harpsichord,and Felicity closed her eyes in response. He then placed one of his palms on one of her shoulders and using a bit of pressure,he traced the index and middle finger from his opposite hand up and down the slope of her neck to her opposite shoulder before switching sides. Admittedly,it felt wonderful.
Joseph spoke. "I recently got possession of a book that focuses on the muscles of the human body,and how they all are interconnected. It is fascinating to me,and I'm trying to figure out what effect our muscles have on our well-being."
"Oh?" Felicity asked,interested. "I would very much like to see that book."
Joseph laughed,"Of course you may borrow it. I've told you time and again that you needn't just steal my books!" He looked deep into her eyes as he traced his fingers around to probe the back of her neck,as if he was gauging her reaction. His fingers hit a point of pressure right at the nape of her neck,and she closed her eyes as tension that she did not realize had been at her temples released all at once.
"Ah-ha!" Joseph said,and Felicity opened her eyes to see that he was smiling widely. He continued,"We don't give much thought to the muscles in our neck,and how hard they work to support our heads. I know that if we carry around too much worry in our lives,we furrow our brows,clench our teeth,tense our shoulders…." He trailed off,using the fingers in one to gently press the knotted muscle in her upper back,then worked his fingers in a circle as if he were stirring a cup of tea. He continued,"Then again,the muscles in our neck are built to support our heads. That is their purpose. Perhaps….perhaps if we do not hold our heads correctly,then we end up using muscles that are not in fact supposed to support our heads." Both of his hands now moved to her shoulders and upper back,kneading out the tension that seemed to have taken up near-permanent residence on her shoulders.
"However…," it was if he was thinking out loud,"…I don't believe that you are holding your head incorrectly because you carry yourself like a queen! There is definitely something amiss. I must think about this more." He then put both of his hands on Felicity's shoulders and asked,"Do you feel better?"
Felicity considered it. The unease that coursed through her body a few minutes prior had melted away,and her previous skittishness seemed foolish. She smiled at him gratefully,feeling completely relaxed,"Aye,I do. I'm not quite sure what you did,but thank you."
"It is a little hard to explain. I can show you in my book;there are all these muscles in the upper back and neck that attach to the head…" He grinned at her,then reached out and smoothed back a loose tendril of Felicity's hair,before continuing,"I feel so many tense muscles in your shoulders and your back. It seems like you are very weary." Felicity said nothing,just stared down at her feet. "Aye," was all she managed to say,still feeling slightly dazed from Joseph's treatment. He lifted her chin and spoke directly to her,"I feel this is partly my fault. Like I said,please let me make it up to you." With that,he leaned toward her and kissed her ever so lightly on the lips.
In her relaxed state,Felicity acknowledged the kiss and returned it. She opened her eyes and grinned at him. "There is a spot on my shoulder that needs a little more touch;would you do that thing with your fingers again?" He laughed in response and pressed his fingers in precisely the correct spot. "I know exactly where you speak of."
She closed her eyes and tilted her head away to facilitate Joseph's treatment,letting the tension just melt away like butter. He then ran his fingers along her jaw,and she opened her eyes just in time for him to kiss her lightly again. She let it happen and closed her eyes again,but a moment later felt a chill run down her spine.
This isn't right.
She snapped her eyes open as Joseph pulled away,and instinctively glanced up at the platform in time to see a familiar figure lean away from the railing and out of sight.
Ben? She realized,as dread began to fill her stomach. She continued to stare at the railing,half-expecting that he would lean over again. Confused,Joseph looked up to see what had gotten her attention. "Lissie? What are we looking at?"
But,Ben was gone. "I…I think someone was watching us." She stammered,feeling slightly shell-shocked. I have to go home. This isn't right.
"I didn't see anyone. Are you sure you did not just imagine it?" Joseph scanned the railing,then quickly looked behind himself before turning back to Felicity. She frowned. "I'm not completely daft,I know what I saw!"
Joseph ran a hand through his hair and grinned sheepishly. "Whoops. Well,we will have to be a little more discreet next time." Felicity's mind raced. What had just transpired? What did Ben see? With a sinking feeling she realized that it probably did not look good. She turned to Joseph,and vocalized her thoughts. "Please take me home."
He frowned,and took her hand. "Lissie? Is everything okay? Your mind has been really scattered this evening." Felicity tightened her mouth,slightly insulted at the "scattered" remark,but swiftly decided against starting an argument. Her patience at a minimum,she narrowed her eyes,"You never listen to me. I want to go home. Will you escort me? Or shall I just head off alone?"
"Lissie," Joseph pleaded,"Just…" She waited,almost hoping that he would protest,but it never came. She then realized that breaking the courtship now would just result in a massive argument,and at the moment she felt like she simply could not afford any delays. He gave her a resigned smile and offered his elbow,and they walked back to the Merriman house in silence.
As they entered the property,Felicity glanced quickly towards Ben's loft,itching to dash up the stairs,knock on his door and explain how Joseph had distracted and tricked her,but she swallowed the impulse and let him lead her into the foyer of the main house. Inside,her she saw that her mother had waited up for her. Martha stood up as they entered,question marks in her eyes.
Felicity turned to give Joseph a wordless goodbye,and he took her hand and kissed it. "Goodnight Felicity,I do hope that you feel better tomorrow. After all," he smiled slightly at her,"I do not wish to see you as a patient!" He tipped his hat and bade a good night to Martha,then headed out.
As Felicity watched his back disappear into the night,her mother touched her lightly on the shoulder. "Lissie? Are you not feeling well? What happened? Did you-" Felicity turned towards her and shook her head lightly. Martha pressed her lips together for a moment,before saying,"Are you having second thoughts?" Felicity shook her head slightly once again,mind still racing. She had to go speak with Ben as soon as possible,so she needed her mother to go on off to bed. She touched her mother on the cheek,keeping her voice even. "Mama,I think I'll get some sleep. I did not call it off with Joseph yet. I have a few things to think about." Her mother took note of the sense of finality in her voice,and nodded. "Sleep well Lissie. We will surely talk tomorrow."
In her room,Felicity bided her time while she imagined her mother settling down to sleep by tidying up a little. After changing into a more comfortable gown,she organized her combs and hair ties on the vanity,brushed the dust off her night stand,and gathered the clothes for the laundry. As she picked up the gown and apron she wore for gardening,a note fell out of the pocket.
It was Ben's letter. Guilt washed over Felicity as she realized she had forgotten all about it. She dove to retrieve it from the ground and opened it with shaking hands. As she began to read,she immediately noticed two things. First,the handwriting that was not Ben's,and secondly,the date. This was written just a few days before the Davidsons had written to her family to notify them of Ben's injury and illness. She continued to read.
October 27th 1780
My Dear Felicity,
I apologize for not writing this letter on my own,I have asked a good friend to write it as I dictate as I have suffered many injuries including a broken arm. I learned today that I have been officially discharged from the Continental Army and the war is now over for me. 
Lissie I must be completely frank to you. As each day passes I find myself weakening and now that the cold has set in I feel it with each breath I take. I know I am soon to be taken back to my mother and father's home in Yorktown but there is a likely a chance I may not live to see that day. I see this,plain as day on the faces of all the people who see me,and I feel it in my heart. I have instructed that you get this letter along with all of the other letters I have written to you.
I keep thinking of an alternate timeline in which there was never a war to fight. We would have continued to grow up together,my apprenticeship would have ended around this time and I would take over my family business. Then I would have happily asked for your hand,Lissie and we would have been husband and wife! If you also wished for this,of course! Your happiness would have been my main,no,it would have been my only priority in this world. Realizing that this will never come to pass makes me unbearably sad,and it is my greatest regret.
Lissie,my dear Autumn Maiden,I hope you take comfort in this letter and all of the other letters I have written to you. You were my companion,my best friend,and within this last year I have started to recognize you as my first and only love. My wish is that you never lose your fire and your spirit,and May you live a long and happy life.
Think well on me.
All of my love,
Ben
Felicity noticed at once that the letter may have been written by someone else,but Ben had signed it himself with a shaky hand. She folded the letter up slowly as she pictured Ben laying in some threadbare medic tent,broken and ill,dictating this letter to some unknown individual. But,she reminded to herself as she swallowed a lump in her throat,this story has a good ending. His father arrived in person to take Ben back to Yorktown,and he survived. He survived,and came back to us….
I have to talk to him.
She stood up and put her brocade slippers on,then creeped out the hallway,down the stairs and out the door,all the while still clutching the letter. She carefully climbed the stairs to the loft and rapped lightly on the door,taking deep breaths to calm her nerves.
There was no answer. Felicity rapped on the door with a little more urgency,and once again,received silence as a response. At this point,she pushed the door open. "Ben?" She whispered,"are you here?"
The room was completely empty. A little confused,she closed the door and crept back down the stairs. She took a lantern off the stable door and lit it,then walked back outdoors and sat down onto the grass.
Ben has to come home to sleep at some point. I'll stay here and catch him when he arrives.
As she waited,she re-read the letter that was at once a farewell and a sort of marriage proposal. She thought of previous letters as he addressed her as the Autumn Maiden,referring back to that horribly embarrassing day back at Publick Times that she had tried to forget. It was odd that Ben seemed to remember that day so fondly,as this was the only day he had seen her as a young woman. Was this letter,and several more letters inspired by this day?
She laid back on the grass and relaxed a little,thinking back to the evening. Perhaps it was just her imagination,and it was just a complete stranger leaning over the railing. So,all of this worry may not be necessary after all. She would make it a point to see Joseph tomorrow,and would break it off with him then. That way that he had spoked to her told her that he knew he was falling short of expectation,and recognized that she was unhappy with him on some level. Considering all of these factors,a break-up would not be completely unexpected.
The gate clicked closed,and Felicity sat up quickly. The night air suddenly felt chilly,and she realized she had dozed off. She blinked a few times to clear her eyes,and as she focused she saw Ben taking his normal long strides towards his loft. "Ben!" She hissed,and he looked briefly towards her,but kept walking. At once,she was reminded back to the night in which he had been involved in the tavern brawl,but this time there was no nod of acknowledgement. She stood up and grabbed the letter,then hitched up her gown so she could run after him. "Ben wait up!"
He stopped and turned around,and Felicity froze at the cold look in his eyes. He noticed the letter in her hand,and spoke in a chilly voice. "What is that?"
Felicity looked down at the note in her hand,then back at Ben. "'Tis the letter you just gave me. The one that had gotten separated from the stack."
Ben spoke again,using the same chilly tone. "Did you read it?"
"Aye." Felicity replied quietly,resisting the urge to look at her feet.
Ben stepped towards her and held out his hand. "Give it here."
Yet another uneasy feeling ran down Felicity's spine. She held the letter to her chest. "No,no I will not." She replied defensively. "It is mine."
"Well then," Ben narrowed his eyes,now speaking with open hostility,"if you had any respect for me at all,you would burn it."
Felicity wanted to shrink back,but held her ground. The only explanation for Ben's behavior was that he had indeed seen her and Joseph from the platform. She repeated,"No,no I will not. It is mine. You gave it to me,and now it is my belonging."
"As you wish." Ben turned on his heel and continued walking towards his loft.
There was no way that Felicity was going to just let him walk away. She placed the folded letter safely in her pocket,then picked up the edges of her gown and sprinted after him. "Ben,wait! Please talk to me!" She quickly caught up to him and leapt in front of him,blocking his path." He stopped and stared straight ahead,not making eye contact with her. "Well,did you break up with him?"
"No." Felicity admitted,and Ben once again looked at her,narrowing his eyes. She struggled to explain herself. "He distracted me! I think it was all a trick….he knew I was upset with him so he sought to distract me…" Felicity realized her explanations were not getting the message across. Ben scoffed,and she continued,"He did not actually propose to me…"
"He did not? You sound almost disappointed." Ben cut in.
Felicity was losing her patience. "Just stop and listen to me!" Ben looked down at her and folded his arms across his chest,but let her continue. She continued,"This is exactly what Joseph does,what I have been trying to explain to everyone. He has this intuition that picks up on what others are thinking and feeling. He told me that it is important for his line of work to know what people are not telling him. But he uses it on me,and seeks to distract me. That is what he did tonight. He knew what would placate me at every moment,and I did not get a chance to break it off with him." She took a deep breath,knowing full well how ludicrous this sounded.
Ben kept his arms crossed as his chest. "Well,you certainly did not look unhappy. You were perfectly comfortable while letting him kiss you."
Now it was Felicity's turn to narrow her eyes. "So it was you. You were watching us. What was your intention? Were you following me?"
Ben pressed his lips together,and tilted his head. "If you must know,I met up with Walter and he wanted to see his cousin sing. I heard voices down below,and I turned to see who was speaking. Low and behold…." He spread his hands out,then continued. "What exactly are you doing? Did you think you could just keep me in your pocket for when you are not with Joseph? What am I to you? Is this all some sort of game? You collected all of those letters in your fanciful little way,and I just waited for some sort of response from you,all of this time like a damn fool!" He spat out these words,shaking his head.
"Ben,stop!" Felicity pleaded. "The opportunity did not present itself tonight. I will seek him out tomorrow and break it off."
"Don't trouble yourself on my behalf,Felicity." Ben said coldly,and Felicity flinched at his use of her full name. He continued. "I saw how comfortable and happy you looked,and what kind of man would I be if I was to try and break up a happy couple?" He looked away from her as he said these words,and they hit Felicity like an axe to the stomach. She countered back,"Perhaps there would be no couple at all if you had sent a letter like this to me earlier!"
Ben ignored her last statement,and simply gave her a curt nod. "I think it would be best if I was to stop interfering in your life. I'll give my resignation to your father,and I'll be gone soon enough."
Felicity felt her chest tightening,and a lump forming in her throat. "You have it all wrong! Have you not been listening to me all of this time?"
Ben's mouth twisted. "I have been listening,but I know what I saw. And I think it would be best for you to accept that marriage proposal,when it comes of course."
Tears welled in Felicity's eyes. She couldn't believe how cruel Ben was being. "But,in your letter…" She stammered,"you said…you said that you wished I would be your wife…."
"My wish…" Ben cut in with finality,"is for you to burn that letter."
Felicity could not believe how this conversation had gone. Panic held her chest tightly,and her mind raced. Ben once again turned his back on her to continue to his loft,making her call out again. "Ben,just stop!" He ignored her call,and continued walking. Fury threaded through her body,and without putting any thought to it,she charged and dove forward to wrap her arms around his waist,tackling him to the ground. He gasped in surprise and instinctively wrapped an arm around his ribcage,and Felicity immediately felt remorse at her rashness. She pressed herself to sitting as Ben scrambled away from her and stood up,backing away slowly. "Have you gone completely mad?" He asked incredulously,holding his palms up towards her as if he was confronting a vicious animal.
Full of anger,shame,and sadness,Felicity said nothing. Ben waited a moment more,still staring down at her with disbelief. Finally he turned to walk away once more,leaving her sitting in a heap on the ground. She watched as he climbed the stairs to his loft,and let himself in,closing the door behind him.
She choked a sob,and balled her fists. "Damn you to Hell Benjamin Davidson!"
The only reply was the unmistakable sound of the door latching shut.
Author's notes:
1) In the books,Ben has been shown to use harsh language. In Felicity's Surprise,he outright calls her foolish and selfish. Then again,Felicity calls him a coward later on so I think that is one aspect of their relationship that shouldn't go unnoticed. Personally I think Ben can be a little dramatic.
2) The song and lyrics referenced here are from Shady Grove,a traditional song that has been covered by tons of artists and probably has some 300 stanzas. I'm using the lyrics from the recording by Jerry Garcia and David Grisman. I think I did put a Doc Watson stanza in as well.
3) I wrote much of the following chapter before this one,so I should get it updated again soon once I fix a few details and make sure it has an ending.

A/N: This chapter is entirely in Ben's POV
Ben walked back from town towards the Merriman's property that Sunday evening,thinking over the events of the day. He had woken up with a melancholic pain in his chest,and a vivid memory of seeing Felicity smiling at Joseph and letting him kiss her. He wanted nothing more than to continue to lie in bed,but mustered up the courage to join the Merrimans for breakfast and church,where of course he would have to face Felicity.
But,Felicity was not there. Martha informed them all that Felicity had not been feeling well since the previous evening,and would not be joining them. Polly had asked for more details,and Martha simply said that Felicity was overtired. "Impossible!" Nan had snorted,drawing a chuckle from around the table.
Ben forced a smile at this and looked down at his portion of porridge with berries. He realized he was not at all hungry as he swirled his spoon a little in the bowl,deciding to forego it altogether and only have coffee. As he reached to take his mug,he realized that William was watching him. He looked up,and William continued to stare at him,his expression changing from a curious sadness to something that was almost accusatory. Ben pressed his lips together and looked down,feeling the first signs of guilt weave their way through his mind.
As the family was leaving church at bit later,he noticed Elizabeth Cole looking at him with that same strange,scrutinizing look that he had witnessed two days prior,and guilt continued to prickle his skin. Throughout the day he busied himself with random chores around the Merriman house. It was nice to stay occupied,but at the same time his mind was with Felicity,who still remained up in her bedroom and out of sight. He knew that it was unlikely for her to be physically ill,as it was extremely difficult to keep her bedridden even when she was feeling under the weather.
After dinner,he had excused himself to go to town to find and speak with Walter. The two of them met up with Will,who had claimed they all were allowed back into the tavern. "It's a Sunday night,so they are happy to have any customers at all!" He had crowed. After a bit of catching up,Ben decided to tell them about his decision to leave Williamsburg. It was odd,he knew that his mind was made up on the matter,but as the words left his mouth they sounded uncertain,and his plan not thought through well at all. As expected,Walter and Will demanded that he tell the whole story of the past few weeks. As he got to the events of the previous night and the rationale behind his decision,it was apparent that he sounded almost petulant.
Walter had put his mug of cider down,folded his hands together,and looked straight at Ben. "So,your feelings are hurt and now you are going to quit your job and run back to your mother and father?" Ben gave a short,uncomfortable laugh as it dawned on him that he was not going to get out of this one easily.
At that point,Will had chimed in. "I saw the two of them together,dancing. It was apparent that something was off. It was almost like she wanted to get away from him at one point."
Walter shook his head. "You complete and utter imbecile. You had her! She was yours!" He had pointed at Ben. "If you don't at least try to fix this,then…I don't know,man." He shook his head again and picked up his mug.
Deep down,he knew that Walter was right. He owed Felicity an apology and at least one conversation to find out where they were at. And after that? He didn't know for sure. There was no denying that she had feelings for him,yet the terrible way he had acted towards her for sure may have changed her mind.
He paused in the yard as he came cross a brocade slipper lying randomly in the grass. He knelt down and picked it up,immediately recognizing it as Felicity's. After a few minutes of searching for its counterpart,he came to the conclusion that it was nowhere to be found.
Wait a minute…..
He ran to the edge of the property and leapt up onto the fence,using the posts for balance and surveyed the roof. There he saw Felicity in her usual spot,leaning against the chimney. It was dark outside,but he could tell that it was likely that she had been watching him since he first returned. Typically she would whistle to get his attention,but on this occasion he was not at all surprised at her hesitation to engage him. He jumped down,then ran to prop the ladder up and began to climb,the slipper tucked into the band of his breeches.
As he neared the top of the ladder,he felt a small object fly close to his head. He instinctively ducked,then looked down to see what it could have been. There was no way he would be able to tell in the dark,so he continued climbing. Finally,he was able to clear the roof,and get a good view of Felicity just in time to see her draw her arm back,and hurl another small object directly at his face. He deflected to the side,then hastily pushed himself off the ladder and welcomed the stability of the roof.
Felicity spoke,snapping,"Leave me alone!" She drew her arm back in preparation to throw another object.
Ben held his hands up. "Lissie please,I want to apologize for the way I acted towards you."
Felicity looked towards the sky,arm still raised as she replied bitterly,"Yes,yes,everyone is apologizing to me for everything lately. Now would you please go away?" She threw it at him and he was a little surprised to see that she had severely misjudged his location.
"Lissie,stop!" Ben protested. "Just what is it that are you throwing at me?"
"Does it matter? Why are you up here anyways? Haven't you gone yet?" Felicity forced the questions out. As expected,she only wore one brocade slipper,and her other foot was bare.
Ben offered it up. "I found your slipper," and reached out to hand it to her. It looked like she was eying him suspiciously,but it was hard to tell in the dark. He crawled closer,slipper in hand,then asked again. "What is it you are throwing at me?"
Felicity shrugged,then gestured to the basket next to her. Ben slowly crawled closer. He placed the slipper down close to her bare foot,then sat and looked at her. She continued to glare at him,and he spoke as congenially as possible. "What is in the basket?" She handed it to him,and he was surprised to see biscuits.
He looked back up at her in disbelief,yet kept his voice even. "Just why are you throwing biscuits at my head?"
She shrugged. "I don't know why everyone thinks that they can just say such cruel things to me."
Ben sighed. "Lissie,I'm so sorry." He gave her a half-smile. "You can throw more biscuits at me if it will make you feel better. I know I deserve it." He had never seen her sound so….defeated? Was that the proper word to use? She sat pressed against the chimney with her gown pulled up past her knees,which gave him a pretty good view of her long,feminine legs. He tried to ignore this,and moved closer. Something was definitely off,and the idea that he had hurt her so badly picked at his conscience.
She took a bite of a biscuit,then pulled out a distinct,medium-sized bottle and took a swig from it. He recognized it immediately.
Oh.
"Lissie,that is the rum that my father gave to your parents as a Christmastide gift." He said,trying to hide the shock of seeing Felicity so blatantly taking pulls directly from a bottle of hard liquor.
She replaced the cap,and lifted her chin defiantly at him. "It's delicious."
"Have…have you ever tried it before tonight?" He asked,trying to get a better sense of what exactly was going on.
"No." She simply said,lifting her face skyward as if to take in the nightly breeze.
Ben thought quickly. It was highly likely that Felicity had never had hard alcohol before,and he glanced at the bottle to gauge how much she had already. He knew the Merrimans only opened it for special occasions,so it had likely been more than three-fourths full before she started in with it. Now,it looked to be at the two-thirds mark,which was quite a bit.
First things first. He knew that it was treacherous to use the ladder even when sober,so there was no way that Felicity was climbing down by herself in this state. He decided to approach this head on.
"Lissie,we should get off the roof. Rum and ladders are an unwise combination."
He expected a bit of resistance from her,but to his surprise,she just shrugged and began to crawl over to him. "Okay,Mr. Davidson. Whatever you say." He tried not to dwell on the fact that she tucked the bottle into her cleavage for easier carriage.
Ben again thought quickly. He needed to be able to guide and support Felicity as she made her way down the ladder. "Okay Lissie. Let me climb down first,and as I near the bottom,you start climbing. Then I can be available to help you if needed." Felicity gave him a half-smile. "I always appreciate you looking out for me. You really are always there if I need you." Ben wondered for a fleeting moment if she was being sarcastic,but decided to treat it as a genuine statement. "You can always trust me Lissie." He replied,then held out his hand as she crawled closer to him,making an effort not to stare at the bottle of rum wedged down the front of her gown.
She suddenly stopped and exclaimed,"My slipper!" then scrambled back to where Ben had left it close to the chimney. He sighed,reminding himself to be patient. She crammed her foot back into it,grabbed the basket,and crawled closer to him once again. "I'm sorry,but perhaps you should have left it where you found it."
"Right." Ben replied,amused. He once again held out his hand,and Felicity took it as she scooted across the steeply-sloping part of the roof down to the ladder. "Wait here until I'm nearly down to the ground." He instructed her. She grinned at him,and he had a fleeting sense of confusion at her apparent change in demeanor. Just moments before she was glaring at him and hurling edibles at his face. He noticed she was clutching the basket of biscuits,and commented,"You might have some difficulty taking those down with you." "Oh!" She replied,then drew back her arm and tossed the entire basket off the roof. "Hey," Ben found himself protesting,"I wanted to eat those. I was merely going to ask you to hand them to me."
Felicity laughed. "They still exist. You'll just have to look a bit harder for them!"
Ben shook his head,then busied himself with climbing down the ladder. As he crossed the two-thirds mark,he called to Felicity to put her foot on the highest rung,then step down. Felicity did so,and he was relieved to see that she still had a good sense of depth perception. He stepped down to the ground,and held the ladder steady in place,then called out,"Okay,continue! But make sure both of your hands are always holding on!"
Felicity continued down the ladder with ease,making it apparent that this was an action that she could perform while sleeping. She did miss the bottom rung and had to jump down,but then stood and faced Ben,rolling her eyes. "See? That wasn't so scary!"
Ben sighed in relief,then watched as she sauntered over to the edge of the property and sat down,her back to him. Confused,he followed her,and sat down next to her in time to see her pull the bottle out from her cleavage,open it,and take another drink. She capped the bottle,and looked at him. "So,you are sorry,and I'm sorry,and everything is good,so it's fine for you to go to bed now."
There was no way he was going to leave Felicity out here alone with a bottle of rum. But,there was no telling her directly. "Lissie,I don't want to go to bed. I want to sit here with you." She gave him a half-smile. "If that is what you want. It is a practically a free country. I won't forbid you." She uncapped the bottle again,but before she could take a drink,Ben held out his hand. "Lissie,when one soldier has a bottle of rum,and the other soldier has no bottle of rum,what does the first soldier do?" Felicity gave a short laugh,then handed it to him.
Ben took a swig from the bottle. It was indeed delicious,tasting of vanilla and coconut. He spoke to Felicity,"Did you know that my father procured this bottle from one of his partner's trading ships? This product goes directly from the Caribbean to wealthy houses across Europe."
Felicity laughed,then reached out and took the bottle from him. "Is that so? Perhaps I shall feel like a queen as I drink this!" She uncapped it,and took a rather long swig. Ben flinched,and held out his hand. "Maybe you should give it here."
Felicity eyed him suspiciously. "If you are just going to take it away,then no. My answer is no." Ben figured that she would respond this way. He tried another tactic. "I want to share it with you." Eyes still narrowed suspiciously,Felicity asked,"Promise you'll give it back to me?" "Aye,I promise." Ben replied. "No tricks?" Felicity asked,"No tricks." Ben repeated,giving her his most earnest smile. Felicity handed it to him,sans cap. "I'm keeping this for collateral. There is no way you are going to leave such a fine bottle without the cap." She said defiantly.
Ben chuckled,then considered his options. He briefly considered pouring a good deal of it out,but there was no way to hide it from Felicity. He knew he would eventually regret this,but it seemed like the only thing to keep Felicity from drinking much of the bottle would be if he was to drink it instead. He sighed,held it up,and declared "To life and liberty!" then took an extra-long pull from it,feeling it burn his throat and stomach. "Aye!" Felicity agreed,a smile spreading across her face. He absent-mindedly handed it back to her,and she also took a long sip,repeating "To life and liberty." He realized that the point of his actions was to keep her from drinking it,and held out his hand again. She handed it back,and he took another extra-long pull,feeling it go down easier this time.
He turned to her. "Lissie,I really want you to know how truly sorry I am for yelling at you. I have no plans to leave,unless,of course,you want me to."
She held out her hand to take the bottle back,and with some hesitation,he gave it to her. "Just a little," he advised to her,"or you will feel terribly ill tomorrow." She shrugged. "The thought did cross my mind,but I could use another day of lying ill in bed. I don't have to do anything,or see anyone…." She trailed off,then continued. "It's all that I really want right now. To not have anyone bothering me,or telling me to do something,or having any expectations for me." She took a quick swig,and handed it back to him.
With a sinking feeling,Ben realized that he could easily be lumped in with one of those categories. He took another long swig. "Lissie,I am so sorry…."
Felicity cut him off with a wave of her hand. "I heard you the first time,and I accept your apology." She gave him a slight smile. "I take apologies very seriously. So,if I hear one,I know you mean it." Ben took the opportunity to take another drink from the bottle while she was seemingly distracted. She continued,waving her hands about. "Joseph apologized to me,and I know he did mean it. He doesn't understand a great deal of things but I believe he is sorry for something. And while it could be likely that you did not mean your apology,I find it highly unlikely. Because consider this! When you apologize,you risk and use your pride. So why-ever would you spend your pride apologizing to someone when you were not actually sorry?"
Ben tried to figure out exactly what she meant,and couldn't quite get there. He took another swig from the bottle. Felicity studied his face. "You are confused." She concluded. "A little," Ben confessed. His head felt a little odd,which he chalked up to the rum. "It makes sense in my mind but I figure I did not explain it well." She admitted,then held out her hand to take the bottle. Ben slowly handed it to her,and she took a drink before following up. "Let's say that you apologized,but were not sincere."
Ben cut in. "I swear on my sister's grave that I was absolutely sincere." As the words left his mouth he realized how dark they were and felt slightly ashamed.
Felicity gave him an odd look,then handed him the bottle. She continued,"I mean,what exactly is the point of apologizing to someone if you do not mean it?" She looked at Ben,and he realized she expected an answer. "Uh,to placate them?" He knew several examples in which he had apologized to his parents for various misdeeds with the only goal of to not be punished.
"Exactly!" crowed Felicity,and Ben grinned triumphantly,feeling like he was back in school and had answered the headmaster's question correctly. Felicity continued,"So if you feel you need to placate someone,you must respect their person on some level,correct?" She looked at Ben,then continued talking. Ben took another long pull from the bottle,and felt his stomach roll a bit. He pressed his lips together and took a deep breath in an effort to settle it. Meanwhile,Felicity was still talking. "….why on Earth would you care about placating me if you were not feeling sorry for anything? That makes no sense whatsoever! Think about it!" She stared intently at Ben,and a look of concern crossed passed over her face. "Are you feeling alright?" She held out her hand.
"Um," Ben thought about it. His stomach had settled back down,so all was fine in that category. He handed the bottle of rum back to her,which was now a little more than half-full. "I feel okay,but I have a plan." She leaned in closer to him as if he was to tell her a secret. He continued,"I think we should go for a walk. The weather is so nice,and I could use some fresh air."
"Yes,I agree!" Felicity exclaimed,grinning. "But wait," she added,looking around herself,then lowered her voice to a whisper,"Are we not outside already? There is fresh air all around us!" She waved her arms all around her head,as if she were squatting mosquitoes.
Ben was hoping she would ask this,because he had an answer ready. He smiled widely at her,and declared,"Ah,but we are sitting still. We will get a higher dose of fresh air if we walk into it! While we sit still,we just take in the fresh air passively,you see? But,if we walk against it,we take it in both passively,and actively! So,the final effect is more fresh air!" He pressed his hand into the ground to come to a kneeling position in the first effort to get up,and instantaneously felt the full effect of the rum. His head spun and the ground tilted dangerously underneath him. He blinked and took a deep breath,waiting for the ground to stop moving. Next to him,Felicity took a swig from the bottle,then studied it. "You really plowed through this,didn't you?" She grinned up at him,then capped it and wedged it back into her cleavage.
"Very funny." Ben made a face,then took a few more deep breaths before pushing his way to standing. He felt himself sway a little and held his hands out to help reach equilibrium,then looked down at Felicity. "Your turn. What are you waiting for?" He smirked.
Felicity smiled pleasantly at him,and held her hand up. "Why,I'm waiting for a Gentleman to help me up! But alas! I see none around!" She heaved a sigh and brought the back of her hand to her forehead. Ben laughed and grabbed both of her hands,helping her to standing. She staggered a little,and he wrapped an arm around her shoulders to steady her as she grinned the whole while.
"Do you know what is so great about this plan?" She asked Ben as they made their way to the gate. "Hm?" Ben asked,and she continued,"There is no way that we will get into trouble for wandering around town this late,because the only folks we will come across will also be hoping that they do not see anyone. So,the town will be full of people who won't admit they are out in the middle of the night." She nodded at him. "Aye,that is true!" Ben replied with a smile.
As they wandered through the dimly lit streets,Felicity began to sing.Peaches in the summertime,Apples in the fall,If I can't get the girl I love I won't take none at allShady Grove,my little love,Shady Grove I knowShady Grove my little loveI'm bound to go away.
As she sang,they passed another couple out for a nightly stroll,who applauded as they walked by. Ben grinned,and sang a following verse.When I was a little boy,I wanted a Barlow knifeNow I want little Shady GroveTo say she'll be my wife.
They both sang the chorus,then Felicity sang another verse.Every night when I go home,My wife,I try to please herThe more I try,the worse she getsDamned if I don't leave her
Ben burst out laughing at this verse,and fought back the urge to sweep her into his arms and kiss her on the cheek. "Wherever did you learn that verse?"
Felicity shrugged,smiling mischievously. "I can't really say where. I suppose I just heard it somewhere." Ben grinned. "I don't believe you have the particular life experience to come up with that on your own."
Felicity linked elbows with him and cheerfully replied,"Perhaps there are things about me that you don't know!"
They lapsed into silence as they neared the courthouse,then Ben began to sing a different tune a in slower,drawn out voice.Sometimes I live in the countrySometimes I live in townSometimes I get a great notionTo jump into the river and drown
Felicity jumped in front of him,eyes wide. "You wouldn't!" She exclaimed,her hands holding his upper arms fast. Ben smiled at her. "Lissie,it's just a song. I'm not going to go jump into the river and drown. Please relax and cheer up." She looked at him sideways,eyes still wide. "Yes,a song you chose to sing right now." She continued,"If something happened to you,I couldn't bear it. Even more so if you chose it to happen. You don't know how it felt when you were so ill after returning from the war…..the pain was absolutely physical. It was like someone took a mallet to my stomach."
Ben saw that tears were welling in her eyes,and he held both her hands to reassure her. "Lissie,please take heart. I'm not going anywhere. I survived a great ordeal,and I don't take that for granted. I remind myself of this every single day as I wake up."
She let go of one of his hands to draw an arm across her eyes,then smiled slightly at him. "Really?" "Aye." Ben replied,knowing that he meant every word. He considered for a moment,then amended his pledge. "Unless,of course,something happened to you,Lissie. I couldn't bear that." The thought of losing Felicity hadn't previously crossed his mind;he had just been preoccupied with her breaking it off with Joseph. He realized right then and there that the idea of her death was unthinkable. Out of the corner of his eye,saw Felicity pull out the bottle of rum,uncap it,and take a swig. She handed it to him,once again sans cap,and grinned. "So it is decided then. Neither one of us will die,not now,not ever!"
Ben held up the bottle,declaring,"To never dying!" He took a drink,then handed back to her. She repeated his words and action,tucked the bottle back into the front of her gown,then reached out to take his hand. "Now that we have decided to be immortal,shall we continue getting more active fresh air?"
He trailed along after her,still thinking. He admitted to himself that the effect of the rum by now had fully permeated his head,and it was compelling him to say things that he knew he wouldn't say while of a sober mind.
You've already told her that you love her,it does not get any more intimate that that. 
He caught up with her,and allowed his thoughts to tumble out. "I just want you to know that in this moment,I have everything I want." Felicity looked at him,"Oh?" She asked with a smile.
He continued,"I have the warm night air,a sky full of stars,I'm with you….All of those other things don't matter. Nothing else matters right now. Just you with me." He trailed off,feeling a giddy smile spread across his face.
"Awwww…these are the words to my heart,Benjamin!" Felicity replied. She looked up at him,a smile spreading across her face. She looked skyward,apparently in thought,then turned back towards him a moment later. "I've been thinking about the things I said to you while we were together up in your loft." Ben felt a nervous twinge,and made an effort to keep his expression neutral. "Oh?"
"Aye." Felicity said. "You remember when I told you that you were mine?" Ben gave her a half-smile,still feeling a little apprehensive. "How could I forget?"
"Well,I've been thinking a little about those words. I am well aware that even though my intention is to call it off with Joseph,I am still fully spoken for,and it is a serious misdeed to be with another man while of my status." Ben nodded slowly,asking,"You don't regret it,do you?" He felt remorse at the very idea that he may have coerced her. "No,no!" Felicity quickly interjected. "My point is,if it was any other man,I would feel terrible,but it is with you. Nothing I ever do with you feels wrong. It is as if you are mine. Do you understand?" Ben was relieved to hear it. He nodded an affirmative,and took another swig from the bottle. Felicity continued,"This also explains why I was so bold about ripping your shirt off."
Ben choked on his mouthful of rum. He barely managed to get it down,coughing all the while. Truthfully,he avoided thinking about that split second,because it took his mind to other places. Felicity kept talking. "I did it out of panic that Nan would catch us,but at the same time,I keep thinking about you standing there just in your breeches and the signal whistle around your neck…." She trailed off,looking at him. "You are so handsome. I hope you never get that torn shirt mended."
Ben figured that he was blushing,but couldn't tell for sure. He put a hand up against his cheek,and realized that he couldn't really feel his face. Felicity raised an eyebrow at his behavior,then took the bottle of rum from him and took a long drink. She held it up,noticing that it was now less than one-third full. "We aren't going to get away with this. My parents will notice that the bottle is gone." A half-mad smile was plastered across her face. "They will also notice that we will both likely be very ill tomorrow. In fact…" her eyes widened as she spoke,"perhaps they know that I am out of bed,and they will come to ask you to help find me and you will be also gone!" She smiled even wider if it was at all possible,then looked around herself wildly as if she was going to suddenly see Edward Merriman walking behind them.
Ben was suddenly very worried for Felicity. He stopped in front of her,and put his hands on her shoulders. "Lissie,everything is going to be okay. I know things are a little hectic right now…" Felicity snorted at the understatement,"…but I'll fix what I can."
Felicity stared at him. "So you are going to fix everything? What is your plan of action? For starters,you are just going to tell your parents that you and I drank nearly the entire bottle of rum and we need a replacement so my mother and father don't find out?"
Ben smiled at her. "Aye,exactly that." Felicity just stared at him in disbelief,and he shrugged,"Well,I can't tell them that I drank the entire thing on my own;they for sure won't believe me."
Felicity fidgeted a bit. "Can you ask Anna for help?"
Ben shook his head. "Anna lives too far away. Don't worry Lissie,my mother absolutely loves you and will probably give you whatever you ask for."
Felicity snorted again. "There is absolutely no way that your mother will be okay with me just drowning my sorrows like Jiggy Nye used to!" Ben smiled. "You would think so,but according to my mother,you were the one responsible for bringing me back to life. So,you could probably do no wrong in her eyes." Felicity looked at him with a slight smile. "Anna was the one that got you breathing again. I only bawled and held your hand." Ben shook his head,smiling in return. "Anna takes no credit whatsoever. And you were the one lying next to me the following morning as I finally awoke."
Felicity went silent,seemingly lost in thought for a moment,before speaking up. "But she knows that I am involved in a courtship with someone else…" "Aye,but it does not matter to her." Ben countered,taking her hand. He purposefully left off the part where Ingrid Davidson commented on the way that they looked at one another,and that how she had told him that he needed to win over Felicity's hand.
She stared at him for a moment more,before finally saying,"Your entire family is completely mad." He smiled. He always had an idea that his mother and sisters were a little unconventional,and his father completely indulged them. He grinned back at her,"Yes,I agree. Did you want to join us someday?"
Felicity smiled. "That…that is actually a wonderful thing to hear. Aye,wouldn't that be grand?" She then pointed to a bench outside of the courthouse. "I could use a short rest,do you mind at all? Can you take a break from getting active fresh air?"
Ben looked over. Truthfully he wanted nothing more than to sit with Felicity on the bench and to rest his head in her lap,but he knew that if the two of them sat down,it would be very difficult to get up and walk back home. No,this was not a good idea. He felt an odd sensation in his hand,and looked down to see that Felicity was nudging him with the bottle. He took it and raised it to her,then downed the last of it and set the empty bottle down at the base of a street lantern. "I think perhaps it is time to head on home. It is long past our bedtimes."
"Aye,I admit my bed sounds lovely right now." Felicity sighed and clasped his hand,then thought for a moment and let go to dive towards the ground and pick up the empty bottle. She stuffed it back down the front of her dress and winked at him. "I have a suspicion that we may need this in the future."
"Oh,right!" Ben replied. He knew that Felicity counted on him to think of a plan to hide their tracks,and the empty bottle was a start. He offered his hand with a smile,and put on a posh accent. "Come my darling."
She laughed and took his arm,and they walked down Duke of Glouchester Street back towards the Merriman home. As they passed by her father's store,Felicity suddenly yanked the empty bottle out of her dress and tossed it high in the air with a loud whoop. Ben watched in disbelief as it reached its apex,then fell back to the Earth and shattered into a million glittery pieces. She cheered and put her hands in the air. "I've always wanted to do that!" She threw her arms around Ben and kissed him on the cheek. "Wasn't that exhilarating?"
Ben blinked,trying to process what had just happened. As he came to the slow realization that Felicity had her arms around him,an angry voice came out of nowhere.
"You two! Just what do you think you are doing?"
A man stormed up to them,and Ben wondered where he came from. Felicity turned,her arms still around him. "Joseph!" She greeted him,entirely nonplussed about the interaction.
"Felicity? What on Earth are you doing out this time of night? Did you throw that bottle? What is the meaning of this?" Joseph shined his lantern close to their faces,and Ben flinched at the bright light. Felicity grinned,releasing Ben. "Ben and I are going to watch the sun rise! What are you doing out here?"
"I'm returning home from a summons. The Smith Widow took a fall down the stairs and broke her foot." Joseph seemed to be getting over his initial shock,and now glared at the two of them suspiciously. He raised his lantern again to study their faces,making Ben shield his eyes.
Joseph narrowed his eyes. "Why….why two you are both three sheets to the wind!" He looked at Ben,fury written across his face. "Davidson,explain yourself!"
Ben felt growing ire at Joseph,who always seemed to be coming in where he wasn't welcome and destroying everything. He decided he owed the man no explanation,and simply took Felicity's hand,declaring,"Like Hell I will!"
Joseph turned towards Felicity. "Lissie,you should be home in bed right now. Let me take you,and we will discuss all of this tomorrow." He started towards her,and Felicity jumped back like a startled animal. "Don't touch me,don't touch me!" She cried shrilly.
"Felicity? Lissie?" Joseph asked,surprise now etched across his face. Felicity continued,pointing a finger at him. "No you will not be discussing how everything is to me,I'm tired of it! I'm not a child and I'm not stupid,and I know things! You will not be discussing anything with me anymore!"
Joseph stood silently for a moment before his face hardened. "I see how it really is. You two are just a couple of scoundrels." He waited for a moment,then turned on his heel and stalked off into the night.
Felicity burst into uncontrollable laughter,sinking down to the ground as Ben tried to process everything that had just happened. As clarity reached him,he knelt down to see about Felicity,who was still laughing hysterically,tears running down her eyes. "Did you hear him? He called us a couple of scoundrels! I called it,I did!"
Ben smiled and tried to haul her to her feet. "Let's head on home,Lissie. This has been a lovely night and now let us both have a good rest." As the words left his mouth,he knew that he meant them.
Author's notes:
1) Ben is a fairly unreliable narrator toward the end of this chapter.
2) So much for breaking it off with Joseph kindly.
3) Song credits! Again I'm using lyrics from Shady Grove,a traditional song that has been redone by tons of artists. I'm using lyrics from the Jerry Garcia and David Grisman recording. The song that Ben sings (…sometimes I get a great notion…) is from Goodnight Irene,written by Lead Belly in the 1930's. I know it is a little too recent,but I felt like the stanza reflected well.

WHAM…..
WHAM…..
WHAM….
WHAM…WHAM…WHAM….WHAM… WHAM…WHAM…WHAM….WHAM… WHAM… WHAM… WHAM…. WHAM…
What had started as a faint knocking had escalated into a full,metal-on-wood hammering,and Ben could not tell if it was inside his head or in the external world.
WHAM…WHAM…WHAM….WHAM… WHAM…WHAM…WHAM….WHAM… WHAM… WHAM…WHAM….WHAM…
He squeezed his eyes shut even tighter,and reached to pull his pillow over his head. This muffled the sound enough for him to determine that it was indeed coming from the outside world. Holding tight to the pillow,he mentally tried to wish it away.
WHAM…WHAM…WHAM….WHAM… WHAM…WHAM…WHAM….WHAM… WHAM… WHAM… WHAM… .WHAM…
If anything,the sound was getting louder. He cracked one eye open,and noticed the door to his loft was rattling with each impact.
BANG
BANG….BANG…..BANG…..BANG…..
He decided to take action and steady the door,lest it be broken off its hinges. He rolled onto his side,and noticed that he was fully dressed,still wearing his shoes. It took another moment to realize that these were the same clothes he had been wearing yesterday.
BANG….BANG…BANG….BANG….BANG….BANG….BANG…BANG….
This was getting ridiculous. He swung his legs off the bed onto the floor and pushed himself to sitting,and at once realized what a mistake this was. His head pounded in time to the banging on the door,and a wave of nausea hit him as the walls seemed to move. He put a hand over his mouth and made an effort to breathe through his nose.
BANG….BANG…BANG….BANG….BANG….BANG….BANG…BANG….BANG…..BANG…BANG…..BANG
Whatever this was,it absolutely needed to stop. Ben carefully stood up,keeping his arms out for balance,took the first,painful steps towards the door,and pulled the latch up. At once the pounding stopped. He opened the door,and there stood William holding a large metal shovel.
Ben flinched at the sunlight,and glared down at William. "Just what the hell do you think you're doing?" He hadn't meant to be so harsh,but the words had simply tumbled out of his mouth.
William grinned at him,seemingly nonplussed. "You are really late. Father sent me up here to fetch you on my way out to school. It took a bit of effort on my part." He held the shovel up.
Exhausted from the effort it took to reach the door,Ben leaned against the doorframe and put his forehead into his hand,squeezing his eyes shut once again to try and abate the pounding in his head. There was a moment of silence,interrupted by William.
"Are you still drunk?"
Yes.
"No. Why on Earth would you think this?"
"Right." Laughed William. "Well,best gather yourself together and move,or you will miss breakfast!"
Ben opened his eyes in time to see William run back down the stairs. He turned around and shuffled back to sit on his bed,scanning his memories of the previous night. He remembered his foolish decision to keep Felicity from drinking in excess,by,well,drinking in excess himself.
Kill me now.
Yet,the evening had been fun. He had thoroughly enjoyed himself as he ran through the streets of Williamsburg late last night,high off both rum and the presence of Felicity. He felt relieved that she had forgiven him for his outburst Saturday night,and the final bonus of the evening,of course,was Felicity's absolute refusal of Joseph.
He turned and glanced at his pillow,wanting nothing more than to lie back down and wish the day away. But,he knew that all his effort would have to go towards not arising suspicion as to what the two of them had been up to last night. They had agreed that either he or Felicity,if not the both of them,would need to go about their day normally as possible as to not arouse suspicion. It an obvious choice that Felicity would have another lie-in,continuing the ruse that she was ill while Ben would assume the task of normalcy.
"You owe me one." Ben had said. Felicity had given a spiteful laugh in reply. "No,YOU owe me for leaving me to sit in a pathetic heap in the grass after having such a cruel go at me!"
As for arising suspicion,it was a given that William had some inkling about what had happened yesterday. He had suspected that William had some idea about the complicated relationship between him and Felicity,since the boy was a light sleeper and his open window faced into the Merriman's front yard. He also knew that William and Felicity had some sort of understanding,and that they kept secrets for one another so William was likely to keep this knowledge to himself.
Then,there was Joseph. He had no idea what the fallout would be from their chance meeting and Felicity's refusal of him,but was simply feeling too lousy to dwell on it. He would just have to cross that bridge when he got there.
He looked into a small mirror and was not at all surprised to see how haggard he looked. His hair was coming loose from its tie,his eyes were glassy and red-rimmed,and his face was a bit on the pale side. He splashed some water from the basin onto his face,put on a clean shirt,and ran a brush through his hair. He looked again at his reflection and figured he could use a shave,but this would have to do for now.
As he entered the main house a few minutes later,he had an odd sense of déjà vu as everyone turned to look at him while he muttered an apology for oversleeping while attempting to look as normal as possible. At any moment,Mrs. Merriman would notice his pallor,and ask him if he was feeling unwell. But,the question was replaced with Mr. Merriman telling him to eat quickly or the two of them would be late to open the store.
Ben looked down at the bread,eggs,and bacon on his plate,and his stomach churned uncomfortably. He reached for his mug of coffee,and had the sudden realization that all he wanted was tea,despite not having it for years,and not really missing it since. He felt Mrs. Merriman's eyes on him,and looked up. The impatient look on her face was gone,replaced by one of concern. "Are you not hungry,lad? You did not eat much yesterday either."
Ben had expected this inquiry in some form,and here it was. He had already thought of an excuse. "I'm sorry Ma'am,I've been having repeated poor sleep and troublesome dreams the last few evenings."
Edward looked towards him. "I'm very sorry to hear this,Ben. Tell me,would you want to take a day and rest?" More than anything. Ben thought,but forced a quick reply. "No Sir. I will feel normal very soon." Polly interjected,her eyes wide. "Are you dreaming about the war?" Martha quickly shushed her. "Hush child! 'Tis not polite to ask such delicate questions!" She nodded towards Ben. "Try and eat something,lad. Perhaps you will feel better." Ben nodded,feeling exceedingly guilty for misleading the Merrimans into believing he was suffering aftershocks of battle. He picked up a piece of bread and took a small bite. His stomach rolled violently in protest,and he was forced to take several deep breaths lest it would overturn its contents in front of everyone. He forced himself to chew and swallow,making small beads of sweat break out his forehead with the effort. Yet,his stomach held steady,so he repeated this action several times. Luckily,the Merrimans did not notice his struggle,but he wondered how he would be able to keep a normal façade going.
This day was going to be pure hell. He hoped that Felicity would fare better.
….
"Lissie? My dear? Are you awake?"
Her mother's voice stirred Felicity from the deepest sleep she had ever fallen in to. She shifted slightly,not ready to acknowledge Martha's presence quite yet. Her head felt a bit heavy and it seemed a little premature to open her eyes still.
Her mother called again. "Lissie?" As she opened the curtains. Felicity cracked her eyes open and blinked several times before closing them again as she failed to adjust to the light in the room. Still she figured she should address her mother.
"Hm?"
"You are awake,after all. I let you sleep just a little longer,and I hope you feel ready and able to face the day." Her mother kindly said,then continued,"I'll bring you a little bit of breakfast."
After her mother left,Felicity figured she would make an earnest attempt to have a normal day. Ben had warned her that she should expect to feel incredibly ill today,but illness had never really fazed her terribly in the past. She resolutely opened her eyes,and felt the light boring into her skull as if it were a dagger. Yet,she vowed that she would become accustomed to it. The pain abated a moment later,and she saw fit to try and sit up,despite the heaviness that she felt in her body. Placing her palms down on the mattress,she scooted up towards the head of the bed,then pushed herself up against the pillows. As she did this,the dagger that had previously pierced her skull returned again and twisted uncomfortably in time to her quickening heartbeat. She winced and closed her eyes,bringing her fingers up to lightly massage her right temple.
A bit of coffee will surely fix this. She thought,continuing to massage her temples. As she did this,she thought through some of her fuzzy memories of the previous night. She smiled as she easily recalled singing along with Ben as they walked the previous night,and their vows that neither one of them would ever die. She remembered smashing the glass bottle against the street,and she remembered the surprised and furious look on Joseph's face-
Oh hell and damnation!
Felicity buried her face in her hands. Of all people to collide with,Joseph had to be the absolute worst luck. She cringed as she remembered how he had easily picked up on their intoxication,and even more so as she recalled how she forcefully and erratically rejected him. Her mind raced as best it could through the fog. Her mother had warned her to break it off with Joseph kindly,yet she had ended up doing the complete opposite. He had witnessed her completely drunk,smashing a bottle in the street and kissing Ben,then screeching at him to never speak with her again and collapsing in the street with hysterical laugher.
This was not good. What will he do? Will he reveal her antics with Ben? What will he tell her mother and father? She leaned against the headboard and closed her eyes,her head continuing to ache and the resolve to get up and have a normal day fading.
On the upside,she had finally broken it off with him.
At that moment,her mother entered the room with a tray. As soon as the smell of coffee hit Felicity's nostrils,her stomach heaved violently and she grabbed the basin on her nightstand just in time to vomit into it.
….
Ben sat behind the counter at Merriman's store and stared straight ahead,palms down on the countertop. As long as he held this position steady,he felt almost normal. If he moved too abruptly,his headache would reappear and the walls would start to move. He just had to remember to blink occasionally,or his eyes would dry out.
Luckily,the store was not at all busy. A steady few customers had come in,requiring a minimal amount of help if any at all. So,he had been able to maintain this position throughout the day for the most part. Mr. Merriman had gone out on a few errands and Marcus worked in the stockroom,leaving Ben alone for the past hour. Next to sleeping,this was probably the ideal scenario for Ben's current condition. Here,he could let his mind drift off and study the shelves on the opposite wall.
As he contemplated the display of gardening tools,he heard the door swing open,and someone step in. He lazily turned his head and readied a nondescript greeting on his tongue,but stopped short as he recognized the man.
"Dr. Stevens. To what do I owe the pleasure?" Ben had fully expected that Joseph would be confronting him today. A voice in his head reminded him that he should tread lightly,but he simply could not help himself. This was a man who upset Felicity and stood in the way of their nascent relationship,and that was all there was to it.
Joseph walked up to the counter. "Davidson." He acknowledged. His face was stoic,but Ben saw the fury in his eyes. He continued,"Let's make one thing be known. I know the exact location to put a penknife,such that you would bleed out completely in less than two minutes."
Ben rolled his eyes and crossed his arms in front of his chest. "Dr. Stevens,I am simply not in the mood for this kind of posturing. Was there something in particular that I could help you with?"
Joseph narrowed his eyes. "Watch yourself,Davidson." He said,and pointed a finger at Ben. "It is my perception that you coerced Felicity with alcohol yesterday so you could do God-knows-what. I had accepted your relationship because I thought you were like an older brother to her,but I was truly mistaken."
Ben's heartbeat quickened slightly,making his head ache with more intensity. He fought the urge to wince against it,and narrowed his eyes in return at Joseph. "First of all,Felicity has never once accepted me as an older brother. She made it clear to me when I first came to Williamsburg that she was the eldest sibling." He smiled a bit at this memory,then hardened his face once again. "And secondly,you have no idea what happened,or what you saw. Felicity spoke her mind to you,and you should listen to her. Now tell me. Is there any reason you came in here?" He wished he could think of a better comeback,but that was neither here nor there.
Joseph gave him a twisted smile. "Speaking of Felicity,she is on my list of summons today. Her sister tells me that she is quite ill. I wonder,whatever could be the cause?" He stepped rather close to the counter,and looked Ben straight in the eye. "Tell me Davidson,how are you feeling today?"
Anger spread through Ben's chest at the thought of Joseph going near Felicity. "If you hurt her-" "Relax,Davidson," Joseph cut in,"I took an oath to do no harm to a patient. Honestly,I think your imagination gets the best of you." He took a watch out of his pocket and checked the time. "I need to be off to see all of my patients today. I must give each and every one of them my time and attention so that I may figure out exactly what ails them,and what I can do to find the underlying cause of their maladies." He gave Ben a pointed look as he added the last comment.
Ben said nothing,instead choosing to simply continue to glare at the man. Joseph watched him for a moment more,before turning and walking away. He paused at the door,turned around,and added,"I was hoping for a bit more of a stimulating conversation,but I can see now that you are not feeling up to it." Not waiting for a comeback,he walked out into the afternoon,closing the door behind him.
Slightly bewildered by the interaction,Ben shook his head,and was promptly rewarded by pain threading through his skull. He put his head down on the counter,and thought through all of the possible scenarios that might take place upon Joseph visiting the Merriman home,and then racked his brain to try think of anything he could do to stop it. Short of accosting and knocking the man out,there was nothing else. He drummed his fingers on the countertop,and recalled a memory of Felicity hotly telling him that she could handle Joseph. He would just have to trust that she knew how to maneuver him.
At that moment,the door opened again and Ben sat up,half-expecting Joseph to appear again. Instead,Walter stepped through,holding what looked to be some sort of pastry. He grinned at Ben,"I just wanted to stop by to see how you were doing,and perhaps apologize for telling you off last night." Ben muttered an acceptance and stared warily at the pastry. Mr. Merriman didn't allow outside food in the store,however the rule was rarely enforced in favor of not driving off potential customers. But,this was an entirely different scenario. "What is that?" He finally asked,picking up on the scent of butter and grease. His stomach churned in response.
Walter glanced at the pastry. "Just a mushroom and cheese croissant. I'm on my lunch break so I stopped by the cart on my way here. Did you want half?" He held it up and approached the side of the counter. Ben felt bile rise in his throat,and he swallowed uncomfortably. "On the contrary. Just…just keep it away from me." He put a hand up to his mouth and inhaled through his nose. Walter raised an eyebrow at him. "You're acting strange. Typically you never refuse food." He waved the croissant even closer.
Outside. Now. 
"I just need a little fresh air." Ben said,his voice muffled by the hand clamped over his mouth. He thought quickly. Walter was blocking his path,so he opted to vault over the counter. He then dashed outside and ran down the stairs and around the side of the building,where he promptly became sick. A moment later,Walter caught up with him and guided him to a barrel close by. Ben sat down,leaned against the building and closed his eyes,waiting for the horrible dizzy feeling to pass.
"I thought you looked a little rough." Walter said,and Ben opened his eyes to see a smile spreading across his face. He reached out and touched Ben's forehead with the back of his hand. "You don't feel warm,so you are likely not ill." Ben swatted his hand away,yet giving a slight smile in spite of himself. Walter continued,"…and I highly doubt that you are an expectant mother,so,my guess is that you have recently been drowning your sorrows. Why did you not let me join? No man should do that alone."
"That is not exactly it." Ben grimaced as a residual wave of nausea passed through him.
"No? Well,you obviously have that special morning-after glow about you,so I can't be too far off." Walter grinned at him.
"You aren't." Ben said,trying to figure out how much he should reveal about the previous night. He quickly decided that if push came to shove,he might need Walter on his side to help with the Joseph situation. After all,the man knew many of the details about his relationship with Felicity. He spoke up. "Truth is,I stumbled upon Felicity drowning her sorrows. I take some responsibility,so I was subtly trying to discourage her."
Walter raised an eyebrow. "How so?"
"I figured if I insisted on sharing the bottle of rum with her,then I could lessen the amount she drank." Ben winced as he realized how stupid this sounded.
"Why did you not just take it away from her?" Walter asked incredulously.
Ben paused and stood up to look around to the front of the store as he saw a man stop in front and consider entering. A moment later,he turned around and walked off. Ben sat back down and addressed Walter's question. "Felicity is not a child. If she wants to drink rum I won't stop her. But I wanted to make sure that she did not go overboard with it."
"-By going overboard yourself. I don't understand. Don't you have the blood of Vikings running through your veins? I'm surprised to see you in such a bad way." Walter said,grinning. He continued,"Do you realize that you literally poisoned yourself for her?"
Ben smiled. "Well worth it. Felicity accepted my apology and we had a nice evening. But," His face darkened,"We decided to go for a walk throughout town. It was late,so we figured no one would see us. As it so happened,Joseph was returning from a house call." He smiled grimly and leaned back against the wall."
Walter looked at him,wide eyed. "What did you do? What did Felicity do?"
Ben clasped his hands behind his head. "She dropped him. It was beautiful,really. She demanded that he never speak with her again. He called us a couple of scoundrels and stormed off."
Walter whistled. "I assume you are expecting some blowback."
Ben smiled in spite of himself. "He came by the store not long before you,actually,and threatened to stab me with a penknife."
Walter laughed,and said nothing. Ben decided to simply leave it at that and not discuss the most pressing issue of Joseph paying a house call to Felicity later today. It was well enough,as Walter stood up a moment later. "I best be returning to work." He clapped Ben on the shoulder. "I hope you feel better soon,and that you invite me along the next time you decide to get into the rum. You two are good company."
"Aye,in time! But I think we will be avoiding the stuff for a good long while." Ben grinned,then forced a more serious look. "Walter,I think it goes without saying that you should keep what I have told you in confidence."
"Aye,of course." Walter nodded at him. Then he smiled. "But with Joseph on the warpath,soon the whole town will know,and it won't be because of me. Take it easy,man!"
After he left,Ben stood up and walked back into the store,taking his place again behind the counter. He was pleased to note that he was starting to feel a little better,however as the fog cleared his mind,a growing dread of what would happen was taking shape.
Would the Merrimans send him away for cavorting with their daughter? He realized that everything relied on Joseph keeping their secret.
This was not good.
….
"Lissie?"
Felicity stirred at the sound of her mother's voice in a scenario that was very similar to just a few hours prior. After her humiliating reaction to the coffee,her mother had just let her lie back and rest. She opened her eyes,expecting the dagger to return and pierce her again,but it was not so bad.
Her mother gently peeled back the curtain,and smiled kindly at her. Nan was behind her,standing on her tiptoes so that she could get a good look. Her mother started,"My dear,you seem to be worse than yesterday,so I had Nan summon Joseph to examine you to make sure you are not extremely ill."
Felicity blinked once,twice,three times with horror as she gained a full comprehension of what her mother was saying. She quickly pushed herself to sitting. "No,no Mother! Honestly,I needed a little more sleep. I am feeling much better now!"
"I think it would be important for you to speak with Joseph directly,and tell him about your concerns,both physically and emotionally." Her mother gave her a pointed look,then continued. "I will leave the room and tell Joseph to come on up,but Nan will stay here. Do you understand me?"
Felicity realized that her mother was likely encouraging her to speak candidly to Joseph. Was she in favor of breaking it off? Or merely in favor of just telling Joseph to respect her in the future? Either way,Mother is right. I need to speak with him. 
"Okay," she sighed,"send him up. He will see for himself that I am on the mend."
Martha nodded and left the room,meanwhile,Nan sat down in a chair in the corner of the room and pulled out her knitting. "I'm just here so that you two don't do anything improper. I don't know why Mother requested it." She shrugged and put on a don't-blame-me face,then got to work on her yarn.
Felicity leaned back against her pillow,realizing that this would be her only chance to redeem herself in the face of the previous night to Joseph. She had no intention of keeping the courtship intact,but had to get him to see that first of all,breaking it off is a good idea,and secondly,not to spread around any accusations about Ben. It was going to be difficult.
Joseph appeared in the doorway and knocked lightly on the frame,then entered without waiting for a response from her. Without making any eye contact whatsoever with her,he put his bag down on the floor,then laid out various tools on the nightstand. Finally,he looked at her. "Miss Merriman,your mother tells me that you have been quite ill since yesterday morning,and it has worsened today. Headache and vomiting,is that correct?"
"Aye." Felicity replied,not quite knowing how to proceed. Joseph pulled up a chair next to her bed and sat down in it. He looked at her. "Do you have all of your memories about you from the previous day?"
There it begins. Thought Felicity. "Aye,of course." She said,realizing the truth would be best here.
"Right." Joseph said,staring at her a moment more with an unreadable expression. He took her wrist and counted her pulse. "Tell me what you have had to eat and drink the last two days." Felicity thought back. "Truth is,not much. Coffee,pea soup,porridge with strawberries….biscuits….." She trailed off. "Hm,quite unremarkable." He replied,still holding steady to her wrist as if he was waiting for her to continue. When she did not,he looked her straight in the eye. "So,Davidson." It was not a question.
There it was. Felicity sighed,gathering up all of her courage. "Aye." She replied quietly,but firmly. Out of the corner of her eye,she saw Nan sit up a little straighter. Joseph put her wrist down,and reached out to feel the sides of her neck. Felicity tried to jerk away. "You know that this isn't necessary."
Joseph looked straight at her,his blue eyes taking on an icy tone. "Your parents are paying me to examine you,so I am going to examine you." Felicity closed her eyes and let him continue,flinching a little at his cold fingers on her neck. He spoke again. "Why?"
"He loves me." Felicity said with conviction,twisting herself away from Joseph's fingers. She noticed that Nan had put down her knitting and was staring at the both of them. Joseph responded back. "I love you." Felicity was ready for this,using both her convictions and the words that Ben told her during their ride the previous week. "No,you love a girl with red hair and green eyes. Ben loves me,Felicity Merriman." She gestured to herself.
"Stick out your tongue." Joseph commanded,and Felicity rolled her eyes,but obeyed him. He continued,"Would you care to explain that more thoroughly?"
Felicity scoffed. She knew that she should stay polite,but her condition and the imposing presence of Joseph was making her quite irritable. "Why,that is the first time you have ever asked me to explain something. You have always been the one to explain things to me!"
Joseph scowled at her. "Watch yourself,Felicity. You do not have the moral upper hand here! I saw you two out together last night,was it nearly two in the morning? You were both completely intoxicated and behaving in an inappropriate,nay,scandalous manner! And the bottle? That is criminal!"
Felicity was rendered speechless for a moment,and decided to stay silent and wait for Joseph to speak again. She widened her eyes ever so slightly in an effort to make them tear up slightly. She knew it was a manipulative tactic,but she needed the upper hand.
It worked. Joseph sighed,and placed his hand on top of hers and she knew that her snide retort was forgiven. He held her hand tightly and looked her straight in the eye again. "Lissie,it's okay. Whatever he has been telling you,whatever he has been filling your head with,just look at the previous evening! See what comes with spending time with him?"
Out of the corner of her eye,Felicity saw that Nan was still watching them,her mouth hanging open in a shocked and almost comical manner. She realized that she couldn't have Nan just taking in all of these untruths about Ben.
"You have it completely false. "Twas I that first got into the rum. Ben came across me,and tried to get me to give it up. I am the one who coerced him." She said with conviction.
Joseph blinked,then regained composure. "You needn't protect him,Lissie."
"I'm not." Felicity leaned back against her pillows. "You treat me like I'm some kind of foolish,stupid child. Ben knows who I am,and speaks to me like I'm a normal person. He loves me as I am,and you just love a girl with red hair and green eyes."
"I see." Joseph said,taking out a small hammer. He carefully knocked it against the sides of her elbows,testing her reflexes. He continued,"So am I to understand that everything that everyone has been warning me about you is correct?"
Felicity's chest started to fill with the familiar dread that she felt when she dwelled on how others perceived her. And yet,she knew that Joseph was trying to bait her into denying everything. Then he would convince her that everything was going to be alright,he would forgive her,and so on,and so forth.
That wasn't going to happen.
She shrugged. "I don't know what they say about me,but perhaps you should listen to your own judgement. You are always reminding me to behave,to mind my manners,to stop reading immoral books….and now,now you've seen me wandering the town in the middle of the night,rum-soaked,with an unrelated man." She looked him in the eye. "How many times are you going to convince yourself that I am the girl for you?"
Joseph narrowed his eyes at her. "Yes,thank you for reminding me that I saw you embracing Davidson in an incredibly friendly manner. Now tell me,what do you expect everyone to say about you with this information?"
Felicity was careful to not sound too annoyed. "How will they know? Will you be the one to tell them that you've been cuckholded?"
Joseph was silent for a moment,then he spoke. "I know what you are doing here,Felicity. You are trying to manipulate me into not telling anyone about you and Davidson."
Damn it. Disappointment started to wash over Felicity,but she told herself to hold steady. When Joseph saw that he would get no response from her,he spoke again. "You get your wish,but not because I'm being merciful. It's because I'm washing my hands of the both of you. You two are nothing but scoundrels,and you deserve each other. What goes around comes around,after all." He added that last part with exceptional bitterness.
Joseph stood up,and began to pack up his medical bag. An odd,unexpected feeling of sadness washed over Felicity. She had won,but something felt really off. She grabbed his hand. He looked at her,and her feeling of sadness intensified as she recognized the deep hurt in his eyes. "Joseph….." She began,not really knowing what to say. After fumbling for the right words,she settled on what felt most natural. "I'm sorry."
Joseph's eyes softened very briefly. "Aye,I am too." He waited for a moment,then spoke again. "So,I think we are done here."
Felicity recognized the finality in the statement,and knew that he was not just referring to her examination. "Aye," she agreed. "We are done here."
Joseph nodded,and turned to Nan. "Miss Merriman,would you please go and fetch your mother? I would like both her and Felicity to hear my recommendations."
Nan stood up,but seemed frozen to the spot. A stunned look was written across her face. "Nan,go!" Felicity commanded. The younger girl snapped out of it,then rushed out the door and into the hallway to call out for Martha.
When her mother appeared,Joseph was all business. "She does not have a fever,and she shows no signs of deep illness. Perhaps it was something she ate or drank? Is there anyone else in the household that is also ill?" He looked quizzically at Martha and Nan. Felicity cringed. She had not seen or talked to Ben since they parted ways the previous night,but she was under the assumption that he was feeling in a similar manner.
"No,I don't believe so." Martha replied,and Nan shook her head. "Right then." Joseph said. "I recommend herbal tea and something gentle to eat,perhaps mild soup and plain bread. No grease or animal fats. She seems hearty enough now,so I expect that she will be up and moving normally tomorrow." He forced a smile.
"That is very good news." Martha replied with a smile. "Thank you for seeing her,Joseph,and let me show you to the door." She led him out of the room,and Felicity noted that he did not turn to wish her goodbye. She leaned against the pillow,feeling relief wash over her at having a peaceful enough ending,despite him knowing of all of her antics the previous night.
"Lissie? What just happened here? What on Earth have you done? And what does Ben have to do with anything?" Felicity turned to see Nan standing close to the doorway,an almost comical mix of confusion and anger on her face. Felicity often was able to get a laugh out of Nan's antics,but she knew that this time,she needed to act carefully as to get the younger girl on her side. Nan continued,"Why have I heard nothing about this? Do Mother and Father know?"
Felicity gave Nan the most serious expression she could,and spoke up. "Nan,would you please sit down? I will explain everything." Nan did as she told,a suspicious look now crossing over her face.
Felicity spoke in earnest. "Nan,as you get older,you are bound to find yourself in situations where you might end up with a secret. And when this occurs,I would be happy to keep your secrets."
…
That evening,Ben walked home alongside Mr. Merriman and Marcus. His mind drifted as the two older men spoke about routine manners of store upkeep,and instead focused on the tentative feeling that he and Felicity had gotten away with last night's antics scot free. Mr. Merriman had returned from his errands about an hour after Walter had left,and while in conversation with Ben,had offhandedly noted that he had stopped back at the Merriman house to retrieve some documents. When Ben had inquired about Felicity,Mr. Merriman had replied with a smile that she was feeling much better,and that Joseph had deemed her to be healthy. He gave no inclination whatsoever that Joseph had told them about the previous night.
This,and the fact that Ben was by now feeling almost back to normal was enough to make him smile outwardly with relief. He was promptly interrupted by Mr. Merriman. "Lad,you look awfully pleased with yourself. Tell us what is on your mind?"
Ben thought quickly,then gave a sheepish smile and offered a half-truth. "Nothing of note,Sir. I am just suddenly feeling quite hungry,and am thinking about dinner." His lack of appetite today and the previous day had finally caught up with him,and he was ravenously hungry.
Everything back to normal,he thought,as he continued to smile.
As the men returned home,Ben asked if he could go upstairs and pay a visit to Felicity briefly before dinner. Mrs. Merriman told him to go on up,that Nan had been sitting with her since the afternoon. Odd,he thought as he headed up the stairs,Nan and Felicity did not spend a whole lot of time just sitting together.
Felicity's bedroom door was shut tightly. He knocked on the door,and two very similar female voices rang out. "Who is it?" Ben grinned and replied,"It's me!" He heard giggling in return,and a voice that was distinctly Felicity's telling him to come in. He swung the door open and was greeted by the sight of Nan sitting on Felicity's bed. A thick,greenish-brown paste covered her entire face,and she was using her fingers to spread the odd mix onto Felicity's face.
Ben grinned. "Forgive me,ladies,for my intrusion. What is this? Routine beauty maintenance?" He pulled a chair up to the bed,and sat down. Nan smiled at him,causing the dried paste to crack at the corners of her eyes and mouth. "Lissie was looking a little rough due to her exciting nighttime adventures,so I made us a beauty mask." Felicity added,"It's true,I was. I didn't want to look at myself in a mirror,but Nan insisted."
Ben felt himself pale a bit at Nan's mention of nighttime adventures,which did not go unnoticed by Felicity. She spoke up. "Nan knows everything. She observed Joseph's examination of me,and the subsequent interrogation by him that followed." Nan piped up,"don't forget about the dissolution of your courtship and Joseph calling you and Ben a couple of scoundrels that deserve each other."
Ben cracked a smile at the news that Joseph was now out of the picture. "He said that?"
"He did!" Nan said. "I don't think he was all that upset about it;I mean,he did not tell Mother at all,or anything like that."
"Right," said Ben,thinking aloud. "When I spoke to your father after he returned to the store,he did not mention anything to me about,well,finding out about us,so I think we are in the clear for now."
Felicity turned towards him and grinned,which caused Nan to admonish her. "Lissie,hold still or I will mess this up!"
Ben had to speak up. "Nan,I hope you don't go around telling anyone about us. We could get into a lot of trouble."
Nan looked at him sharply,with what looked to be an insulted look on her face. "Now why would I do that? I don't want to get you into trouble. Truth be told,it is looking like I may have you as a brother-in-law someday and that is a very nice thought." She looked back at Felicity and continued smearing paste on the creases of her nose,but continued speaking. "I do hope that you plan on speaking with Mother and Father soon about a courtship;I don't want you just taking advantage of my dear sister under the guise of secrecy." She looked back at him pointedly,and Felicity laughed.
Ben replied earnestly. "I wouldn't dream of taking advantage of Lissie. She just needs to say the words,and I will speak with your parents. Nan,thank you for keeping our secret. It means a lot."
Nan nodded and studied Felicity,who now had her whole face covered. She looked back down at the bowl. "Do you want some of this? There is plenty left over." She looked up at him and studied his face. "Trust me,you look like you really need it."
Ben considered it. "Why not?" He asked,shrugging his shoulders. He and Felicity grinned at each other.
….
Author's Notes:
1) I apologize for the time it took to put this new chapter out;I did take a several days off writing to figure out a few plot points. Then,this chapter was a little tricky to write and I hope nothing comes off as confusing.
2) Felicity is not at all conflicted about breaking it off with Joseph;I believe that she is highly sensitive,and feels like she needs to apologize for hurting him in any way.
3) Next up,there will be some transitional-type fluffiness,some planning,and a small time jump!
