Hi,
New story,this one is in the Mercy Thompson world.
Enjoy:)
R&R 
Chapter 1:
Bran was in his study,talking on the phone with Mercy,his coyote shifter-stepdaughter.
She was in the hospital,again,this time after defeating a volcano God,and almost dying after breaking her neck.
"…I will be there soon,good bye," he finished the call.
"What now?" asked Leah.
"I am heading to the tri-cities area,Mercy is in the hospital,"
"So what?! She is nothing yours,just a stinky coyote-"
He growled. Bran understood that Leah doesn't like Mercy,but he wouldn't let her insult her in his face.
"She is like a daughter to me,you know that. We will talk when I get back,"
Leah turned around and went upstairs without another word.

Bran was tired. He visited Mercy,that was quite o.k. considering her injuries,and now he was heading back home to Aspen- Creek,Montana.
He knew that Leah probably will make him a hard time about Mercy again,and he was so tired.
Bran parked his car in front of his house and walked in. He went straight in to the shower,and he fell asleep before his head hit the pillow.

Blueberry Bird was standing above her parents' graves. They just crushed in a car accident a few months earlier,just before she finished her junior year in high school.
She wanted to start fresh and on her own. Her aunt agreed to let her go if she will promise to keep in touch.
That's how she ended up in the tri-cities area in Washington.
Blueberry started her senior year in high school.
Surprisingly enough,her first friend was the sixteen years old girl,Jesse Hauptman,daughter of the local Alpha,Adam.

"… so,you are still staying at the motel?" asked Jesse as she looked at her new friend on their way to Blueberry's car.
"Yeah,until I will found a place for me," answered the older girl.
Blueberry has a long dark hair,quite pale skin and deep blue eyes. She is not very tall,but she put high heels on her feet. Right now,she was wearing black jeans,red blouse that her white strapless peep out from the blouse cleavage and black jacket. She has black ankle boots with high heels and black wool hat on her head.
The girls got in the car and started the drive from school to the Hauptman's residence.
"So… your dad is a werewolf,an Alpha,are you too? A werewolf,I mean,"
"No,it doesn't work this way,"
"So how it does work?"
"Well…"
Jesse started to explain.
Females werewolves can't give birth because the embryo can't survive the change his mother going through every full moon. Humans can give birth only if the child happened to be human,otherwise it will end up with natural abortion. This is exactly what Jesse is;a human child to a werewolf father and a human mother.
"Wow,rough life," said Blueberry as she parked the car in front of Jesse's big house.
"Come inside," said Jesse.
"I don't want to interrupt,"
"Don't be ridiculous,come on," said Jesse.
Blueberry sighed and followed the younger girl in.

"Hi Ben," said Jesse.
"Hi,Jesse,who is your pretty friend?"
"I am Blue," said Blueberry.
"Blue? Like the color?"
"Well,you write it the same,but it's a nickname to Blueberry," said Blue.
"Oh,it's an odd-" said Ben.
"He means rear," said a deep voice from behind the girls.
"Right,sorry." Said Ben.
"It's alright," she smiled and turned around. "Are you Mr. Hauptman?"
"Yes,miss…?"
"Blueberry Bird,but you can call me Blue,sir."
He smiled. He could tell that the girl was couched by his daughter about werewolves 101.
"And you can drop the sir,and call me Adam,"
"O.k. sir,I mean,Adam,"
He smiled again.
"How was school?"
"Fine," said Jesse.
"And the test?"
"O.k."
"What about you,Blue?"
"Oh,I didn't have any test,I am a senior,"
"Really? So how do you know Jesse?" he asked as he led them to the living room. Jesse went to bring them some soda while Adam released his tie.
"From the cafeteria,I am new around here,and she saw that I am alone so she introduced herself,"
"How is it that I only met you today?"
"She drove me from school since the day we met,she just refused to come in until I finally convinced her,today," said Jesse as she sat down.
"Really? Why?"
Blue just shrugged.
"Do I know your parents?"
"Unlikely;they died in a car accident a few months ago,in DC. I moved here in the end of the summer,"
"I am sorry for your loss,"
"Thanks,"
"So you live alone? Where?"
"I am in a motel at the moment,and I talk with my aunt a lot,it's o.k."
"Young girl alone in a motel? It's not safe,"
She shrugged again.
"It's temporary,I am looking for an apartment,"
"Why don't you come and live here? It's quite crowded now and then as Jesse probably told you,but you can have your own room with a bathroom,and my wife is a mechanic,so she can take care of your car if needed," suggested Adam.
"Amm… it's generous and odd,you don't even know me,"
"It's a werewolf thing,they are very protective," explained Jesse.
"Oh," Blue frowned a bit.
The motel room was eating her money away and she was barely there,and the clerk was creeping her out.
"Can I pay you rent?" asked Blue.
"No,"
"So how can I pay you back if you let me stay?"
"Just study good and stay out of trouble,"
"It's an odd way of rent,"
Adam laugher boomed in the house. Jesse giggled.
"I like you,kid,I truly do. Now,you need to get your stuff from the motel."
"Ben," he called and Ben showed up.
"Go with the girls to get Blue's stuff from the motel,she is moving in with us,"
"let's go pink," said Ben. Adam growled.
"It's just a joke," said Ben. Adam flashed his eyes at him.
"Sorry,let's go girls," said Ben,and they went outside and in to Blue's car.

It was dinner time.
Blue already settled in her new room,her clothes were in her closet,her shoes in a drawer,her books and laptop on her desk and a photo of herself with her parents was on a night stand by the big bed. Her makeup and toiletries were in the bathroom.
Now she was lying on her bed and reading a book.
a knock on her door cut her short,thought.
"Come in,"
The door opened and a woman walked in.
"Hi,I am Mercedes Hauptman,Adam's wife,you can call me Mercy- is that welsh?"
"Yeah,do you know it?"
"A little bit. How do you know it?"
"It was a chosen class in my former school,so I took it,"
"I have some friends that will be thrilled to meet someone so young that knows welsh," said Mercy in a smile.
"Cool,I never met welsh people before,"
Mercy chuckled.
"Come on,dinner is ready."

Hi,
This story is in the Mercy Thompson world.
Enjoy:)
R&R 
Chapter 2:
Bran was a mess. Leah disappeared,just left,and his wolf started to get to the surface,it didn't happen in a long time,and barely happened at all.
He was mate-less. The mate bond broke when he got home from visiting Mercy,but he was so tired that he didn't pay attention until the next day.
All of Leah stuff were gone,and her scent in the house was old. He tried to call her,but got to a disconnected number.
When he turned to his younger son,Charles,he found out that she moved in to another pack,somewhere in Texas.

Blue just came down the stairs when she noticed a pacing young man. He looked in college,with his jeans and longed sleeved gray shirt. She noticed the sandy hair but couldn't see his eyes,since his head was bowed.
She knew he was a werewolf,thought. She could feel his power,his dominance,she never felt something like that among Adam's wolves,not even from Adam himself.
"Hello sir. Can I help you?" she went down the stairs slowly,she could see his eyes now,pale gold,the eyes of a wolf.
He closed his eyes for a moment and opened them again,and she saw the human eyes,warm hazel eyes.
"Hi," she smiled softly at him.
"Hello. Is Mercy around?" he asked.
"She is at work. Who are you,sir?"
"The Marrok,you?"
"Oh." she was standing in front of him now,luckily she was a bit shorter then him without her heels. She knew about him,Mercy told her about him when they started to talk about the welsh people she knew.
"I am Blue;I am a friend of Jesse from school,Adam took me in," she made sure she was avoiding his eyes.
"Blue?" he asked confused.
"It's a nickname for Blueberry,"
He just nodded and went back to pacing.
"Can I make you some cocoa or coffee? I know where Adam hides his special French coffee and where Mercy hides her special cocoa," she suggested softly.
He shook his head and kept pacing.
She sneezed,and he noticed for the first time that she is in her pajamas,white flannel shirt and pants with wolves printed on it. (it was a welcome present from Jesse),and warped in a blanket.
"Are you sick?"
"Just a cold or something," she sneezed again and wiped her nose with some tissue she had in her hand.
"Bless you,"
"Thanks,"

Blue kept looking at him pacing for a few moments.
"There is anything I can help you with? You look troubled,"
She took a step closer which turned out to be a big mistake. Bran pushed her and pined her to the wall,growling. His eyes,the eyes of the wolf,once again.
Blue breathed slowly,his body almost crushing her against the wall.
The noise brought Ben and Honey in to the living room.
Honey stepped closer- "Don't,something is really wrong with him;Mercy told me he is always in control,but it doesn't seem this way right now," warned Blue.
"But-" started Ben.
"I am fine,"
"Leave," growled Bran.
"Go," said Blue when they didn't move.
They left them alone,calling Adam and Mercy on their way out of the house.

"Bran?"
"No. not Bran,"
"How can I call you?"
"Wolf,"
"O.k. Wolf. How can I talk with Bran?"
"No Bran now,just me." He growled.
"O.k. o.k. you it's fine too," she smiled softly.
He sniffed her,burying his nose in her hair and neck,which made him even closer to her. She could feel his warmth,his hard body against her soft one. It felt so intimate that she could feel herself blushing. She never was that close to a man before.
He growled again.
She tried to think how to bring Bran back,but it started to be difficult to concentrate.
She started to tell a little story in welsh. But it seems like Wolf didn't like what she was doing because he pulled his head a bit to look at her,and growled again.
While the former growl sounded more like a sound of satisfaction,this growl sounded more like rage. He knew what she was trying to do,by talking Bran's language.
His hands were on her waist now,almost crushing it with his strong hold. She gasped,and almost panicked when an idea came to her.
She quickly warped her arms around him and captured his lips with hers. She could feel while kissing him,as the wolf faded back and the man resurfaced.
Bran kissed her back for a few moments before backing away a bit.
"Sorry," he whispered,his body was a bit trembling from the effort he put when trying to get the control over his body again.
He slid down to the floor,un intentionally,pulling her with him.
Blue leaned back against the wall,and warped Bran in her blanket,pulling him against her body in the process.
"I-"
"Shh… It's o.k. just sleep now,you are safe,you both are," she soothed him.
Bran closed his eyes and fell asleep right there in her arms.
Blue stroked his hair ones and fell asleep too.

Adam and Mercy rushed in to their living room,expecting to found it broken and bloody and hoping to found it as they left it,intact and with alive Blue.
What they didn't expected was to found Blue and Bran,cuddled and warped in a blanket,sleeping against the wall.
"She…" started Mercy.
"Defeated the wolf of the most dominant werewolf in north America?" suggested Adam.
"Apparently,and while she has a cold," said Mercy.
"Let them sleep?" suggested Adam.
"Too late," breathed Blue.
"You are talking too much," said Bran as he moved to change places with Blue.
Now she was snuggling against him.
Adam and Mercy shared a look.
"You two know each other?" asked Mercy as she and Adam sat on the floor,so they wouldn't be taller than Bran.
"We met about two hours ago," said Bran.
"You look like you met years ago," said Mercy.
Blue shrugged,"he is comfy and warm,and I kind of freezing right now,"
Bran leaned his cheek against her forehead,"that's because you have fever,"
"Or maybe it's just cold in here,and you are just comfy and warm,"
"You are rumbling," said Bran in a smile.
She looked up at him,and then snuggled back to his chest.
"Maybe I have fever,"
He chuckled.
"Can you address the elephant in the room?" asked Mercy.
"Maybe Mercy has fever too,she said there is an elephant in the room,"
Bran and Adam chuckled quietly. Mercy ignored them.
"How a seventeen years old human,with a cold,defeated the wolf of the most dominant werewolf in north America? Because you were all wolf in your human body when you threw out Honey and Ben,"
"Sorry about that. I am not myself since Leah left and I am mate less," said Bran.
"Oh. Sorry…?" said Mercy.
Bran sighed. Everyone knew that Leah hated Mercy and tried to kill her more than ones.
"And today?" asked Adam.
"I came for Mercy,hoping that she could calm my wolf,she always had a good influence over me,"
"What are you talking about? You never listen to me," protested Mercy.
"Not when you are around,always after you are leaving," he smiled.
She huffed. Bran chuckled.
"Today was my fault. He was in control for a short while and then I got too close and Wolf took over and pined me to the wall,"
"Wolf?" asked Mercy in confusion.
"I asked his wolf how to call him,he said Wolf,"
"Ha. Original," said Bran. Blue giggled,making him smile.
"What happened after Ben and Honey left?" asked Adam.
"He got closer,and sniffed my hair and neck,and I started to tell a story in welsh which pissed him off by the way,"
"He knew that you are trying to pull Bran back," said Adam.
"You know welsh?" asked Bran,surprised.
"It was a chosen class in my former school,I chose it," she shrugged. He smiled at her.
"So the welsh did it?" asked Mercy.
"No,he growled at me,and grabbed my waist hard,his eyes were like burning in gold. The kiss brought him back eventually,"
"The kiss? What kiss?" asked Mercy.
"I kissed him. Think about it,kiss is a human gesture,Wolf didn't know how to deal with it,"
"And I used it to take back over," said Bran.
"No wander you are so cozy,you kissed." Said Mercy with a smirk.
"Yeah… and I think I will go to bed before it will become more awkward." Said Blue and stood up.
She swayed and Bran stood up fast to steady her.
"My head is spinning,"
"That because you are burning up,come on,I will take you to bed," said Bran and took her in his arms. She snuggled against his chest.
Mercy couldn't hold her laughter.
"Mercy!" called Blue while Bran growled as he took Blue up the stairs.
"You really think it's wise to piss off the most dominant wolf around here?"

Hi,
This story is in the Mercy Thompson world.
Enjoy:)
R&R 
Chapter 3:
Bran covered Blue with some blankets and stroked her hair until she fell asleep.
He sighed and went down the stairs.
"So… no more mate less?" asked Mercy as he got in the kitchen,handing him a cup of cocoa.
He sat down next to the table with a sigh.
"She is a child,"
"She is almost an adult,and she likes you. More importantly,she is NICE,"
He chuckled.
"Seriously,Bran,you deserve to be happy,and so does Blue."
He smiled.
"We will see how it goes,"
"Well,it's not much,but I guess it's something," said Mercy,making him roll his eyes at her.

Bran was sitting on the couch in the Hauptmans' living room,reading a book. It was a little after midnight.
He looked up when a familiar scent got to his nose.
Blue sat down next to him,warped in her blanket.
Bran watched her sitting quietly. Then she shivered,and in a second he pulled her to his lap,warping her in his arms. She snuggled to his chest.
"If you are so cold,why aren't you in bed?"
"Can't sleep. I was planning to drink some hot cocoa,but I saw you here and sitting next to you seemed like a better idea," she smiled.
"It feels that way," he sighed.
"You are still troubled," she stated.
"Different reasons this time,"
"Want to tell me?"
"Not right now,maybe when you will be more like yourself,you know,not burning up and shivering like a leaf in the wind,"
She giggled. "Deal,"
"Deal." He whispered before taking her in his arms and getting her back to bed.
This time he lay next to her,letting her snuggled against him before falling asleep too.

It was the next morning.
Blue stretched and turned her head. She smiled when she noticed Bran next to her,still sleeping peacefully.
She stroked his face gently and leaned forward to kiss the tip of his nose.
Bran sighed in his sleep.
She looked down at his lips and touched them with her own.
Bran opened his eyes and then closed them,kissing her back. She pulled him closer,kissing him deeply.
Bran pulled away a bit,staying close.
"Good morning," he whispered.
Blue smiled and touched his lips with her own in a short sweet kiss.
"How are you feeling?" he asked,stroking her hair.
"Better," she smiled.
Bran smiled and pulled her closer to his body.
"What was that kiss earlier?"
"Mmm…" she bit her lower lip,"I wanted to kiss with you,the real,normal,not enrage,human,you,"
"And your conclusion?"
"Well… Wolf kiss better,"
"Oh really? You little…" her laughter boomed in the house.
Bran started to tickle her.

"Is that… Blue and Bran?" asked Mercy.
"Yep," agreed Jesse.
They were sitting in the kitchen,eating breakfast.
"Ha,"
"I heard what happened yesterday,when I was at school. I don't know Bran other than the stories I heard,but I know enough to say that they are good for each other," said Jesse.
"Well,I must say that I agree. I never heard Bran laugh that way,and with the little I learned about Blue… it's been quite a long time since she has a reason to laugh,"
"And he is hot,in a geeky kind of way," said Jesse.
"Who is?" asked Adam that just came in to the kitchen,in his suit,ready to go to work.
"Bran," said Jesse.
"Oh God,just go to school," sighed Adam,making her laugh.
"What about Blue? Still too sick?" asked Jesse.
"Yesterday her fever was still too high," said Adam.
"Are you sure it's not just Bran?"
"Jesse!" called Adam,and she left,giggling.
"Have a nice day at school!" Called Mercy after her.
"That kid…" sighed Adam.
Mercy chuckled and kissed his lips.
"Have a nice day," she said as he finished his cup of coffee and with a last kiss headed out.

Bran and Blue were laying on their backs,chuckling breathlessly.
Blue smiled,and snuggled against him,putting her head on his chest.
"Thank you. I really needed that," she said softly.
Bran kissed her forehead,and sighed.
"Fever," he grumbled.
"I have some pills that I need to take,"
"Before or after breakfast?"
"Before,but I need a shower first,I'm sticky," she frowned and he kissed her nose,making her smile.
"O.k. then. You go take a shower,and I will make you some breakfast," said Bran.
She smiled,kissed his cheek and went to her bathroom.
Bran smiled too,he finally felt really good.

Hi,
This story is in the Mercy Thompson world.
Enjoy:)
R&R 
Chapter 4:
It was a few days later. Bran and Blue were kissing next to his car. He was going back to Aspen Creek.
"Blue! We need to get to school!" called Jesse.
Bran growled and Blue pinched him.
"Hey!" he protested.
"No growling at Jesse," she warned,and kissed his lips again.
He sighed.
"Sorry Jesse!"
"Don't worry about it,"
"I will come at spring break,until then… call me,and stay safe," said Blue.
"You too," said Bran and with a last kiss he got in his car and drove away.

"So… have you and Bran done it yet?" asked Jesse.
They were in Blue's car,driving to school.
"Done… what exactly?"
Blue gave her a puzzled look.
Jesse gave her a meaningful look.
"Oh my god,are you talking about sex?"
"Thank God,I thought I will need to spell it for you," said Jesse.
"S-E-X,see? I know how to spell it," said Blue with a smirk.
"Come on! So have you?"
"When exactly? When I was half dead burning up with fever?"
"You want to tell me that he spent days in your bed and all you did was cuddling?"
"Yeah… and making out a little bit," she smiled.
"Oh my God,you were making out with the Marrok,you probably will be the Marrok's new mate,"
"He didn't talk about it,I don't think that he wants me to be his mate,that's probably the reason he avoided that subject," said Blue.
"I think that the bond between the two of you already started,or his wolf would have come out again,"
"We will have to wait and see," sighed Blue as she parked her car in the school parking lot.

It was the evening of that day. Bran was in his son's house,with his son,Charles and his daughter-in-law,Anna.
"So you have a new mate?" asked Charles.
"We are taking it slow,I don't want to scare her," said Bran.
"Have you talked with her about it?" asked Anna.
"No," sighed Bran.
"Did you slept with her?"
"No!" called Bran as Charles called "Anna!"
"What? You know it means a lot when it comes to mates," she shrugged.
A cell phone ringtone cut their conversation.
"Hello Blue," said Bran to his phone.
"Hi," she said softly. "Are you alright?"
"Why wouldn't I be?"
"I don't know. I talked with Jesse and she made me do some thinking. Is Wolf showed up again? Do you think he will?"
"No,to both questions. Why are you listening to Jesse?"
She chuckled.
"I guess it's a good question," she laughed.
He joined to her laugh for a moment.
"Bran,"
"What?"
"Do you want me to be your mate?" she switched to welsh.
Anna and Charles that tried not to listen to Bran conversation with Blue,froze.
"I do."
"So why didn't you tell me?"
"I didn't want to scare you away… I wanted to take it slow with you. You are young,"
"Oh Bran. It doesn't matter,we can take it slow and be mates,"
"It doesn't work that way,"
"It worked for Mercy and Adam,"
"It's not the same,"
"Is it about the sex part?"
"Is there anything you didn't talk with Jesse about?"
"She is my friend,"
"O.k. Partly yes. I also need to declare you as my mate in front of the pack,and you wouldn't be here until spring break,"
"I can get there this weekend. Thursday evening."
"You have school on Friday,"
"I am a senior,nothing will happen if I will skip one Friday."
"So… I will see you in two days?"
"Yes."
"O.k. sleep well,"
"You too."
Bran finished the call and sighed.
"Well. She is smarter then you,and knows welsh," said Anna with a grin.
Bran shook his head with a sigh.
"You are lucky that I love you," he kissed her forehead with affection. She chuckled.
"Good night,"
"Good night Da,"
"Sleep well," said Anna with a smile.
He smiled back at them and left to his own house to get some sleep.

"Hello," said Bran to his phone before Blue had time to say anything.
She laughed.
"Hi Bran. How are you?"
"Good. It's Thursday," said Bran.
She could hear the excitement in his voice.
"You are really cute,"
He huffed and she chuckled.
"Aren't you supposed to be in class?"
"Are you worried about my education?"
"Maybe,"
She giggled. "Free class,"
"Oh. Sorry for being pushy,"
"You are not,I promise,"
"O.k. so what are you doing? Other than talking with me,"
"Studying what I missed when I was sick,"
"Oh. Do you want to talk later?"
"Nope. Right now is perfect." She got quiet for a moment. "I miss you,is it weird?"
"No,it's not weird. I miss you too,"
"Really?"
"Really," he smiled.
Suddenly he could hear the bell on the background.
She groaned.
"I will call you from the road o.k.?"
"O.k. have a nice day,"
"You too Bran." Said Blue,hung up and rushed to her next class.

Hi,
This story is in the Mercy Thompson world.
Enjoy:)
R&R 
Chapter 5:
After packing a bag for the weekend,and taking extra money from Adam because he insisted to give it to her,she got in her car and hit the road.
After a few hours on the road,Blue stopped for gas and for coffee and some snacks. Then she got back in the car and got back on the road.
It was dark when Blue realized that she may have missed her turn.
She turned around and called Bran.
"Blue," he sighed.
"Hi Bran,I think that I missed the turn,"
"The one from the highway?"
"Yeah,I turned back but I am not sure where I am,and it's really dark outside and I am starting to freak out,"
"Relax,just stop on the side of the road,I am coming,"
"Sorry,"
"Nonsense,see you soon,"
"See you." She hung up.
Blue left the lights on and got out of her car to stretch her legs.
She looked up and saw a truck coming from the side of the road somewhere a head of her.
When the truck stopped closer to her,and Bran came out from the passenger side she rushed to him and jumped in to his arms.
He hugged her tight.
"It's o.k. you are safe," he whispered to her,stroking her hair.
"Sorry. I didn't mean to get you out of the house that late,"
"It's alright,come on,I will drive now." He led her to the passenger side of her car and opened the door for her. She smiled at him.
The truck started to drive back the way he came from.
Bran watched it for a moment,and then pulled Blue for a much needed kiss.
She giggled when he pulled away and started to drive.
"Who was in the truck with you?" asked Blue.
"My younger son,Charles,"
"So… no kissing in public?"
He laughed.
"Will it make any difference? Eventually you will do what you want,don't you?"
"Probably," she shrugged,and he chuckled,shaking his head.
Before she noticed they parked in front of a house.
Bran grabbed her bag and locked her car,leading her in to the house.
"Hungry?"
"No,just exhausted and in deep need of a shower,"
He smiled and led her to a guest room.
"You will be here when I come out?"
"Promise," he smiled.
She kissed his lips,took her bag and got in the bathroom.
At the meantime,Bran went to take a shower in another bathroom.
"Oh my God," called Blue.
Bran that already finished his shower and was back at her room,rushed to the closed bathroom door.
"What's wrong?"
"Jesse Hauptman is a dead girl," she replied.
Bran was confused.
"What did she do,exactly?"
"Pulled my pajamas out of my bag and put… something else instead,"
"Something else?" he asked confused.
Blue sighed and after a few moments,came out of the bathroom with her dirty clothes and her bag in hands.
Bran looked at her and his jaw dropped. She blushed deeply.
Blue was in a red lacy set of panties and baby-doll. She got in the big bed and pulled the blanket up until it covered her face too.
Bran shook his head to clear it and pulled the blanket from her face.
"You are gorgeous,in whatever you wear," he said softly,stroking her blushing cheeks.
She moved a side,making him some space in the bed.
Bran took his shirt off,but stayed in his pants.
Blue stared at his bare torso.
He looked at her with a raised eyebrow.
"What? You are the only one allowed to stare?" asked Blue.
He chuckled and slipped under the blanket next to her.
His bare arm brushed against hers and she huffed. Her whole body shivered with desire. They were both laying on their backs,staring at the ceiling.
Bran wasn't in a different state. He tried to breath normally,to calm his nerves,to calm his racing heart. He failed miserably.
He turned to face Blue,to tell her that he will go and sleep in another room,but her lips captured his before he could say a word.
Blue warped him in her arms,pulling him closer,kissing him deeply. Her tongue brushed against his lower lip and he opened his mouth,letting her in. her tongue danced with his,getting in his mouth and hers.
They only stopped to take a breath and taking off the rest of their clothes.
"Are you sure?" whispered Bran in welsh.
"Yes."
They went back to kissing,and caressing,exploring every piece of skin and body.
They made love slowly and gently,it was Blue's very first time,and she never regretted of it being with Bran.
Blue woke up late on Friday morning. She was alone in bed,but Bran did leave a note,in welsh. It made her smile.
My dearest Blue,
Sorry to leave you to wake up alone.
I had some pack business to attend.
The fridge is stock,get whatever you want. 
I will see you soon.
Last night was perfect.
Yours,
Bran.
Blue smiled and put the note in her bag. She quickly took a shower and brushed her teeth. She put on a red cardigan,black leather jacket,black jeans,and black high heel boots that got to her knees. She put on some eyeliner,pink lip gloss,and her favorite perfume. Her hair was down,still damp from the shower.
She went in to the kitchen and found for herself some cereals,a bowl,spun and some milk.
That's was how Bran found her,sitting in the kitchen,crossed legs and eating.
"Hey you," she smiled at him.
He smiled back and kissed the top of her head.
"Good morning,"
"All good?" she asked.
"Yes,all good," he replied.
"Should I meet the pack? Or are you just telling them you have a new mate?"
"You will meet them,tonight actually,it's a pack night,"
"What kind of pack night? Adam has games nights and Sunday breakfasts,"
"In our pack is music,singing and playing music," said Bran.
"Cool… I love music,"
He chuckled.
"Do you play?"
"Piano. You?"
"Violin,"
"Nice. Do you have time to show me?"
"You will see tonight,"
She pouted at him and he kissed her lips. She laughed.
Blue started to wash her dishes. Bran hugged her from behind,resting his chin on her shoulder. She smiled and turned around to warp her arms around his neck. She kissed his nose with affection and he rested his head on her shoulder.
Blue brushed his hair with her fingers.
"What's wrong?" she asked softly. She could feel his stress.
"Nothing."
"Are you worried about tonight?" she asked softly.
"A little. You seemed quite calm,"
"I am not afraid of wolves,never was,never will,"
He chuckled.
"Not even from Wolf?"
"To say the true? He turned me on. Wolves are more...wild then humans,they don't hold back,"
"Oh? And what about werewolves? Are we wild enough for you?"
"Hmmm…" she hummed,supposedly in thoughts.
She laughed as Bran picked her up and placed her on the counter.
Blue warped her legs around his waist,pulling him closer. He was about to kiss her when-
"Da? Are you here? We are a bit early,"
Bran sighed and pulled away from between her legs.
"Oh. We obviously interrupted you,sorry."
Blue looked at the quite big man and the young woman that was holding his hand and standing a bit behind him.
"Hi,I am Blueberry Bird,you can call me Blue," she introduced herself while popping off the counter.
"Hi,I am Samuel Cornick,and this is my mate,Ariana,"
"Nice to meet you," she grinned.
Samuel started to laugh. "You really chose good this time,Da,"
Blue giggled,looking at Bran's frown.
"Ready for tonight?" asked Samuel.
"Oh yeah," she smirked mischievously.
Samuel couldn't stop laughing.

Hi,
This story is in the Mercy Thompson world.
Enjoy:)
R&R 
Chapter 6:
Blue was in a short black dress,and high heel boots that got to her knees. She put her leather jacket on top and turned to her makeup.
Dark eye-shadow,eyeliner,mascara and a blood red lipstick. Her dark hair was down in waves.
She was ready and went down the stairs to join Samuel,Ariana and Bran.
"Well,since Da is quite stunned by your appearance,I would like to introduce you to my younger brother,Charles,and his mate,Anna," said Samuel.
"Nice to meet you,I am Blueberry Bird,you can call me Blue," she smiled and shook their hands.
Samuel cleared his throat and Bran shook his head,clearing it up.
"Ready to go?" asked Blue in a smile,suggesting Bran her hand,which he took with a nod and a smile.

"What first? Introducion or music?" asked Blue.
"Music,but they already aware that I have a new mate,so it shouldn't be too awkward,"
"O.k. how do you choose who goes when?"
"Volunteering," said Samuel.
"Want to go first?" grinned Bran.
She grinned back mischievously.
She looked at all of the instruments on the stage.
"I will introduce you," said Sam and jogged to the stage.
"Well,long time not see. Da's new mate will open our evening,come up here Blue!" he called out and went back to his place by his family,while Blue got up to the stage.
"What does she play on?" asked Sam.
"Piano," said Bran.
"Guys,she just took the electric guitar," said Anna.
The men looked up as the first few chords filled the air.
Don't tell the gods I left a messI can't undo what has been doneLet's run for cover
What if I'm the only hero left?You better fire off your gunOnce and forever
He said go dry your eyesAnd live your life like there is no tomorrow,sonAnd tell the others
To go sing it like a hummingbirdThe greatest anthem ever heard
We are the heroes of our timeBut we're dancing with the demons in our minds
We are the heroes of our timeHeroes,oh whoa…But we're dancing with the demons in our mindsHeroes,oh whoa…
We are the heroes of our timeHeroes,oh whoa…But we're dancing with the demons in our mindsHeroes,oh whoa…
The crickets sing a song for youDon't say a word,don't make a soundIt's life's creation
I make worms turn into butterfliesWake up and turn this world aroundIn appreciation
He said I never left your sideWhen you were lost I followed right behindWas your foundation
Now go sing it like a hummingbirdThe greatest anthem ever heardNow sing together
We are the heroes of our timeHeroes,oh whoa…But we're dancing with the demons in our mindsHeroes,oh whoa…
We are the heroes(We keep dancing with the demons)(You could be a hero)
Now go sing it like a hummingbirdThe greatest anthem ever heardNow sing together
We are the heroes of our timeHeroes,oh whoa…But we're dancing with the demons in our mindsHeroes,oh whoa…
We are the heroes of our timeHeroes,oh whoa…But we're dancing with the demons in our mindsHeroes,oh whoa…
We are the heroes ( watch?v=AoO1V_eOEPA)
Blue finished with a backward somersault.
The pack cheered,clapped and whistled.
Blue laughed happily,put the guitar down and went off the stage back to Bran.
"Piano?" he asked with a raised eyebrow.
"I never said piano is the only instrument I can play on," she grinned,and he chuckled.
"You were great,"
"Thanks," she stroked his hair and turned to watch the next performers.
He smiled. She was so warm.
"I am shock that you did that somersault with those heels," said Anna,Ariana nodded in agreement.
"It's easy,I wasn't landing on the heels,I landed on my toes," she smiled.
"Doesn't look easy," said Ariana.
"Hey girls,you will miss Da's performance," said Sam.
Blue suddenly noticed that Bran wasn't next to her anymore.
She looked at him on the stage. He did go to the piano.
He started to play some quicken symphony.
Blue was mesmerized.
Sam touched his brother's arm to catch his attention,and tilted his head wordlessly to Blue's direction. Charles nodded in a smile.
They knew that if Blue wasn't in love with their father already,she was definitely falling for him.
Bran finished and Blue whistled the loudest,laughing happily.
Anna and Ariana giggled at her reaction.

"Well?" asked Bran.
"It was great," she smiled widely at him.
He grinned and kissed her cheek.
More pack members got on the stage,while others started to dance to the music in the middle of the big room.
Blue grabbed his hand and pulled him to the dance floor. The music turned in to an old waltz. Blue curtsied and surprised Bran by knowing the old dance.
"You are full of surprises," stated Bran as she was now in his arms.
The music changed in to some old jazz,played by a werewolf on a saxophone.
"Your pack is amazing… I never met so many talented people in one place,"
"You are not less amazing,or less talented,you proved it tonight,"
"Well,the night is not over yet,the real test will start when the music will end,"
"You will be fine,"

It was past midnight. The music ended,and only the werewolves stayed.
Sam and Ariana went back to the house since Sam wasn't pack anymore,he was a lone wolf.
The only human was Blue.
The wolves sat around,some with drinks in hands. Blue propped herself on the stage,sitting down with her legs dangling of the edge,watching over all of the pack.
At some she looked in the eyes briefly,before gazing away while some of them,were the ones to gaze away. Some offered a wink,or a friendly smile,some looked at her with suspicion.
"O.k. you all know Leah left and that I was mate less for a while. You also know it was bad for me,and bad for the pack. As I already told some of you this morning,I have a new mate,a human mate,Blueberry Bird,"
Now the whole pack was looking at her. She blushed,"Hi,I am Blue," she waved.
"You don't look very Blue to me," said one of the wolves. Later she learned that his name was Asil,and that he is also known as the Moor.
Some of the wolves laughed.
"Unless you look at her eyes,they are really Blue," said another wolf.
"Or maybe," she started and everyone looked at her,"I can make you feel really Blue,after all,you don't know me… yet," she grinned at them,exposing her white teeth.
Everyone stared at her,she mimicked a wolfish grin quite well.
Bran's laughter boomed in the room.
Blue's smile softened to the sound. The whole pack saw the change in her eyes,in her smile. If they had doubts before,they were all gone.
After that,the tension disappeared and they split in to small groups of conversations.
Blue was on her own,pack members came to talk with her,and asked questions,while Bran watched her from the side,making sure she was o.k. but also in curiosity over her interaction with his pack.
She smiled and laughed a lot,he realized that she liked them,and that they liked her too.
"She is something special,young,but special," said the Moor,next to Bran.
"She is a success,I never expected her to fit in so quickly," said Bran.
"She may be young,but she had been through a lot already,they can relate,we all can," Charles joined to the conversation.
"And she is nice;no offense but Leah was a bitch," said Anna. She was hugged from behind by Charles.
"Anna," said Bran. He hated curses,especially in front of women and from women's mouths.
She sighed. "Sorry. I will keep my mouth clean. Happy?"
"Be careful,he has a temper," said Blue that just joined them.
The pack said their good night and left,leaving only,Bran,Charles,Anna,the Moor and Blue behind.
"Oh really now?" said Anna.
"I met his temper,he is sexy. Most of you call it the beast,the wolf or the monster inside," she grinned.
All eyes turned to Bran.
"Ah,did I forget to mention she had a run with my wolf?" asked Bran innocently.
"Yes Da,you forget to mention this little detail," said Charles.
They turned to look at Blue.
"What? I told you,he was sexy," said Blue.
"He didn't attack you?" asked Anna.
"He pinned me to the wall,sniffed my hair,you know,flirty and sexy,"
They turned to Bran.
"It wasn't me,it was my wolf," said Bran.
"So your wolf actually chose her first,he liked her," said Asil.
"I guess,I liked her very quickly too," he grinned.
Blue kissed his lips and he pulled away quickly,clearing his throat.
Anna giggled. "Bran not really public kissing kind of guy."
"Oh,I know," smirked Blue.
Asil laughed. "You definitely found your equal,she is stubborn and determined as you are,"
Blue grinned at him.
"Well,it was a great night,I will leave you now,Alpha,Blue,Charles,Anna," and with that he turned around and left.
"I like him," said Blue after a while.
"Be careful thought,he is dangerous as he is charming," said Charles.
"Maybe I am too," she smirked and grabbed Bran's hand. "Come on,let's go home."

At the house Bran was beaming at her.
"What?" she asked in a smile and warped her arms around his shoulders. He hugged her waist.
"You were amazing tonight,they loved your music,they loved you. It's like you meant to be one of us,"
She kissed his lips softly.
"And you are so sexy in this dress,"
She giggled as Bran picked her up,her legs warped around his waist,and took her to the bed,kissing her all the way up the stairs.
They made love passionately,hotly,until they fell in to a peaceful sleep,exhausted.

Conversations woke them up the next day.
Blue groaned.
"Good morning to you too," smiled Bran.
"It's Saturday,who invaded your house so early?"
"Anna. She wanted a family brunch,and it is almost noon,"
She groaned again and he chuckled.
"Come on,lets share a shower and get down stairs," his eyes were sparkling with desire. His stare made shivers go down her spine.
They went in to the shower,washing up and making love.

After getting dressed,Blue was in blue jeans,white cardigan and her leather jacket. She had high heel boots as usual,this time,white ankle boots. She braided her hair. And after a little bit of mascara and eyeliner she was ready and went down the stairs with Bran.
"Look who is finally up," called Anna.
Blue giggled.
"Little tip,don't share a shower after sex if you don't want every wolf around to know that you had sex," said Anna.
"Anna!" called a few voices and Sam just laughed.
"Oh my god,she is worst then Jesse," said Blue.
Sam chuckled.
"What? Everyone here knows it's true,you should have known better Bran,"
"Oh god,can I die now? Please someone kill me," groaned Blue.
"No." said Bran.
"Pretty please?"
"No." he pulled her against him and kissed her cheek.
She pouted and he chuckled.
"I don't mind that we smell of sex,we can smell like it all the time for all I care," he whispered in her ear.
Blue captured his lips with hers,kissing him deeply,before he managed to pull away.
"Eventually she will turn you to the guy that doesn't care to kiss in public," said Anna.
"That's the plan," said Blue,making Bran to huff in annoyance.
Anna chuckled.
"Food is ready," called Charles.
Each one of them grabbed a bowl or a dish and they sat to the table.

Blue couldn't remember the last time that she was so happy. The conversations around the table were casual and cheerful and the food was great.
Bran watched her talking with Sam in welsh,a big smile on her face.
"She is happy," whispered Anna next to him.
"It's about time. She had some rough few months after she lost her parents,"
"Yeah,and she is so young. I guess she was lucky to meet Jesse Hauptman,otherwise she wouldn't have met you," said Anna.
"I guess so," said Bran quietly.
Blue walked behind him and warped her arms around his chest.
"Are you o.k.? you look troubled,"
"I am o.k. my little Blue,don't worry," he smiled.
She kissed the top of his head affectionately. He kissed her wrist and she went back to her seat.

Hi,
This story is in the Mercy Thompson world.
Enjoy:)
R&R 
Chapter 7:
After the brunch,Blue and Bran were left alone.
They went for a walk around town,talking about random stuff,until it become too cold for them to stay outside and they went back to the house.
Blue made two cups of hot cocoa and brought them to the living room. She put them on the coffee table,and snuggled against Bran on the couch,in front of the burning fireplace.
He sighed.
"What's wrong?" she asked softly,turning to face him.
"You are leaving tomorrow," he frowned and she kissed his nose.
"I will come back,not next weekend because I have a test in physics,but maybe the weekend after that,"
"It's two weeks!" he whined.
She chuckled and warped him in her arms.
"We can talk on the phone,and there is also Skype,you will be fine," she promised and kissed the top of his head.
Bran put his head on her chest and sighed again. She stroked his hair humming softly.
They fell asleep on the couch,in front of the fire,the cocoa long forgotten.

The next day,Sunday,they spent at home. Well,in bed more accurately.
Bran and Blue were laying on their backs,breathing hard.
"I think I am getting better at this," she breathed.
He laughed.
"You weren't that bad to begin with," he grinned.
She laughed and kissed his lips.
"I am hungry,"
"Understandable. What first,food or shower?"
"That depends,are we planning to stay in bed or do something else?" asked Blue.
"Bed," they said together after a moment and started to laugh.
"I will get us some sandwiches,be right back," said Bran.
He put his boxer on and went down the stairs to the kitchen.

Not very long time later,Bran came back to the bed with a plate with some sandwiches and two bottles of water.
"What in the sandwiches?" asked Blue as she started to drink from her water.
"Peanut butter and jelly,"
"Cool," she grabbed a sandwich and started to eat.
They ate quietly for a while.

"Are you thinking about college?" asked Bran. Putting the plate and bottles of water on the night stand table by the bed.
"Maybe,hadn't decided yet,"
"There is a chance you are not going at all?" he asked curiously.
"If I get pregnant," she shrugged and he chocked.
Blue looked at him with a raised eyebrow.
He cleared his throat. "Sorry,"
"Yeah… as I said,if I get pregnant,or I don't know,choose another course of life,"
She chuckled at his pale face. "I should have started with the course of life part,"
He just nodded.
Blue pulled him to a kiss. They went back under the covers,making love softly,slowly.

Blue was standing by her car. It was early in the afternoon and she had a long drive a head of her.
Anna hugged her,and Charles ruffled her hair lightly. Samuel and Ariana already left the day before.
Bran stood in front of her. Charles and Anna went in to the house to give them some privacy.
Blue passed her fingers through his hair,he closed his eyes.
She kissed his lips shortly and pulled him in to her arms. He inhaled her scent deeply.
"Are you going to be o.k.?"
"I am going to miss you,but I will be o.k."
"I will miss you too,a lot."
She stroked his cheeks and kissed him again.
"Call me," she told him and got in the car. He smiled at her softly and she drove away.
"You o.k. Da?" asked Charles. He went back out after Blue left.
"Yes,come on,we have some work to do," said Bran and they went back in.

"Hi Jesse," Blue answered to her phone,it was on speaker.
"Hi! How was the weekend with Bran and the pack? I couldn't wait until you get here to hear everything."
"It was great. The music night,and his pack,and Sam,Ariana,Charles and Anna,it was all amazing,"
"So you are the Marrok's mate. It's so cool,"
"Yeah," laughed Blue.
"You sound upset,"
"I miss him already," said Blue.
"That's so cute!"
Blue laughed.
"Did you do it?"
"Jesse!" she could hear Adam in the background.
"Was that your dad?" asked Blue.
"Yeah,he thinks that I am nosy,"
"You are nosy,but it's fine. I already got used to it,"
"So… did you?"
"Yeah,"
"How was it?"
"Perfect."
"Details?"
"Jesse!" called Adam.
Blue laughed.
"Tell your dad that I love him,"
"Does it mean you aren't going to tell me anything?"
"That's exactly what it means," agreed Blue.
"He said that he loves you too and that I should leave you alone,and let you concentrate on driving,"
"O.k. I will see all of you in a few hours,"
She could hear some shuffling and then Adam was on the other side of the line.
"We are here kiddo,drive safely."
"I will,bye,"
"Bye kid."
There was a click and the line went dead.
Blue sniffled. In moments like that she really missed her dad.
Adam reminded her of him a lot.
He was a good dad,just like hers was.
She wiped with her fingers a few tears.

"Da,what's wrong?" asked Charles.
"Blue… she is upset,"
Charles looked at the clock. "She should be still on the road,"
"I will call her,give me a minute please?"
"Sure," said Charles and left his father alone in his study.

"What's wrong my little Blue?" he said as she picked up.
"I talked with Jesse and then with Adam and it reminded me of my dad,I miss him,"
"I am sorry. I wish I could make you feel better,"
"You do make me feel better,by being you,"
"Then don't cry,"
"I promise to try not to,"
"Good enough,"
She laughed,and he chuckled.
"Call me whenever you want,I am right here my little Blue,"
"Thank you,"
"Anytime. Drive safely,"
"I will,"
"Good bye,"
"Bye Bran."
She finished the call and kept driving to the Tri-cities area.

Blue parked her car. It was already dark and cold outside.
She took her bag,locked her car,and tiredly walked to the door.
Adam opened it for her. She looked up at him and her eyes clouded with mist of tears. He frowned,but pulled her in to his arms. She sobbed in to his chest,soaking his shirt with her tears.
Her cellphone rang. Adam answered it for her.
"She is alright Bran,just… a little upset,"
"I talked with her on the road after she talked with you,you remind her of her dad,and she miss him,"
"Oh,that's explains a lot,"
"I guess,tell her:I am always here for you, she will know what it means,"
Adam repeated Bran's words which made her laugh.
"What's so funny?" asked Adam.
"You pronounced it all wrong,but she got you," chuckled Bran.
"Oh,"
"Keep an eye on her for me would you?"
"Sure,she is family already."
"Thank you,"
"You're welcome,"
"Good bye,"
"Bye."
Adam finished the call,and looked down at the girl in his arms.
"Hungry?"
She shook her head.
He led her to her bedroom and tucked her in.
"Sweet dreams kiddo," he whispered before getting out of the room and closing the door quietly.

Blue was busy studying for her physics test when a skype chat popped up in her laptop.
"Hello my little Blue," smiled Bran on the screen.
"Bran," she sighed happily.
"The one and only,"
She giggled.
"Are you feeling any better since you got back home?"
"A little,"
He sighed.
"How can I help?"
"You are already helping,"
He smiled.
"How physics go?"
"O.k." she shrugged.
He chuckled.
"Are you coming on the weekend of the week after your test?"
"Yes,I can't wait to see you again,"
He grinned and she laughed.
"You are cute," he frowned at her.
"Wait until you see his wolf," said Mercy,putting a bowl of popcorn and a bottle of juice on the desk.
"Hello Mercy,"
"Hi Bran," she smiled.
She kissed the top of Blue's head.
"Keep the welsh,this way Jesse can't ask questions about stuff she may hear passing by," said Mercy and left the room. They just nodded.
"I miss you so much," she chocked.
"Don't cry my little Blue,I can't stand it if you cry,I miss you terribly,"
She nodded and wiped her tears away.
"How is it over there?"
"Normal. Anna misses you,and the Moor asked about you,he likes you," Bran smiled.
"Tell them I said hi,"
"I will,"
"Brany,I have to go," she sighed.
"Sure,I- wait,did you just called me Brany?"
She giggled.
"Yes,problem?" she asked with a raised eyebrow.
"No,"
"Good. Talk to you soon,"
"O.k. bye,"
"Bye Brany," she smiled.
He smiled back at her and logged out.
Blue sighed and went back to her books.

Hi,
This story is in the Mercy Thompson world.
Enjoy:)
R&R 
Chapter 8:
When Blue came with Jesse out of the school on Friday,after her test,someone was waiting for her.
"Aunt Suzan!" she rushed in to the arms of the young woman.
Suzan was Blue's father younger sister. She had a similar hair to Blue,but her eyes were green and she was a bit taller.
"Hi sweetie," she hugged her tightly.
"You must be Jesse,the Alpha's daughter," she looked at Jesse.
"Yeah,nice to meet you," smiled Jesse.
They turned to the car,they didn't notice that someone was watching them.

When they got to the house,Blue introduce her aunt to anyone she met.
Blue was happy to see her aunt again.
They were at her room when her laptop beeped.
"Hi Brany!" she called happily.
"Brany?" asked Jesse that was with them.
Blue shrugged.
"Hello my little Blue,I see Jesse is with you,and another friend…?"
"That's my dad younger sister,Suzan Bird,"
"Nice to meet you,miss,"
"Nice to meet you too," she smiled.
"I will let you girls chat,call me later?" he looked to Blue.
"Sure." She smiled at him.
"Miss you,"
"Miss you too,Brany,"
He logged out with a wave.

"What was that?" asked Suzan.
"What?" asked Blue.
"The end of the conversation,and you didn't tell me that your boyfriend is that cute,"
"The end of the conversation was I miss you in welsh," explained Blue.
"Ohh… so sweet," called Suzan. "Tell us everything,"
So she did.

Ben frowned at the ceiling.
"I hate giggling girls," he said.
"You hate girls," said Mercy.
"I don't hate you,"
"That because I am not a very girly girl," smiled Mercy.
"Let them be,Blue is laughing,and she mostly cry since she came back from Aspen Creek," said Adam.
Ben sighed and went back to his computer.

"I am going for a run,want to join me?" asked Suzan.
It was late at that night.
"Sure,Jesse?"
"Sure,why not?"
"Great. Meet me down stairs in ten minutes?" suggested Suzan.
"Yep," said the girls and each one of the three went to her room to change in to training suit.

"Where are you going?" asked Adam as the girls reached the entrance door.
"Just a little run,not far," said Suzan.
"It could be dangerous;why don't you take Ben with you?"
"A. because he wouldn't want to come,and B. because the neighborhood is quiet for months now,and we just go for an hour top," said Jesse.
"Take Mercy with you,"
"Mercy can't she is pregnant,bye dad," said Jesse,leading the girls out the door,leaving her shocked father behind.

"Is Mercy really pregnant?" asked Blue as they started their jog.
"How could I know? I just needed a distraction and that worked,"
"But he could hear your lie," said Suzan.
"He was too shocked to listen,and the trick is to believe in what you say,sometimes it makes it difficult to hear your lie," said Jesse.
"Good to know," laughed Blue.
Suddenly a gold-silver wolf showed up in front of them,growling. The girls froze.
"Is it someone from the pack?" asked Blue.
"I don't think so," said Jesse.
"What we should do?" asked Suzan.
Then the wolf jumped.
Suzan fell to the ground,screaming in pain.
Blue tried to kick the wolf away from her aunt only for the wolf to turn on her.
The wolf bit her arm and Blue screamed in pain.

Bran was calling to Blue.
"Blueberry's phone," said Mercy.
"Mercy,it's Bran,where is Blue?"
"She went for a jog with Jesse and Suzan,she forgot her phone,why?"
"I can feel her through the mate bond,she is hysterical and in pain,"
"Got you,we will deal with it,don't worry,"
"Keep me posted," said Bran.
"Will do." Said Mercy and rushed to find her husband.

Suddenly the wolf was gone and someone else stood there,he looked like a fifteen years old boy,pale and odd.
They could see the wolf running away.
Blue was trying to stop the bleeding of her aunt but she was badly wounded,and there was blood everywhere.
"You are the- the-" Jesse was chocking.
"Take a deep breath," said the boy. She did. "Now talk,"
"The wizard,Wulfe."
"Yes,I am,"
"Do you have a phone on you? We didn't bring any," she was talking to him,but staring at Blue and Suzan.
"Please,stay with me,please…"
He gave Jesse his phone.
"Mercy is on my speed dial," he stated.
"Why… never mind,I don't want to know,"
She dialed Mercy's number.
"Wulfe,I really don't have the time to-"
"Mercy! It's me,"
"Jesse? Were you attacked by vampires?"
"No… how do you know-"
"Bran called,he felt Blue trough the bond,"
"Suzan is badly hurt,Blue would have been in the same shape if Wulfe wouldn't have shown up,it was a werewolf,"
"Are you sure? Could it have been just a wandering wolf?"
Wulfe asked for his phone. Jesse gave it to him,and went to help Blue to try and stop the bleeding of Suzan's wounds.
"It was a werewolf,I saw it,smelled it and scared it away,although,never smelt her scent around here,"
"Her? A female?" asked Mercy.
"Yes."
"Are you sure?"
"Yes."
"Why did you help anyway?"
"I passed by,and recognized a scent,"
"Who's scent?"
"Hauptman;his little cub has a similar scent,not the same,but close enough to pick up my curiosity,"
"O.k. we will be there in a minute;you don't have to stay. Thank you Wulfe,"
"You're welcome."
He finished the call and put his phone in the back pocket of his jeans.
"Stay,please. Don't leave us alone," asked Jesse pleadingly.
Wulfe looked at her for a moment,and just nodded.

Adam stopped the car and jumped outside,Ben and Mercy right behind him.
Mercy froze.
"Adam,"
"What?" he asked,trying to help Suzan while Ben checking on Blue.
"The scent,I know that scent,"
Adam sniffed the air.
"Me too,but I can't deal with that right now,"
Jesse stood up when her father started to check Suzan,and retreated,she was standing next to Wulfe now.
"Jesse,you are too close to the vampire," stated Mercy.
Jesse turned her head,and Wulfe gave her a predatory smile.
"He doesn't bother me," said Jesse,she was hugging herself.
Wulfe pouted at her remark,and both girls wrinkled their noses at him.
"Are you hurt?" asked Mercy.
"Shaken,but not hurt. He didn't get to me,"
"She," corrected Wulfe.
"Did any of you got a good look of her?"
"She was small,I can't tell her color,too dark for me," said Jesse.
Mercy pulled her to her side,warping her in her arms.
"She was gold-silver," said Wulfe.
"Are you sure?" asked Mercy.
"Yes." Said Wulfe.
"O.k."
"Can I go now,little cub?"
Jesse turned to look at him. She nodded. "Thanks for saving us,and staying afterward,"
"You're welcome. Good night," and he was gone.

Adam picked Suzan gently in to the car.
"Ben and I will stay to sniff around,you should take the girls home," said Mercy.
Adam nodded,and after Jesse and Blue got in the car,he drove away.

"Pregnant?" asked Adam,he was trying to distract Blue.
"It helped us get away,"
"Mercy almost died from heart attack when I asked her,"
"Sorry," said Jesse.
"Wulfe didn't do anything to you,did he?"
"No. He was nice,odd,but still nice,"
"Good to know,"
He looked at Blue at the back seat.
"Blue,"
"I know what's happens now. She is too hurt,if she survives,she is a werewolf,if not… well,I guess the other option is obvious,"
"We need to wait,and we will help her more at home,she still has a chance," said Adam softly.
"Do you want to talk with Bran? I am sure dad has his number on his phone,right dad?"
"I do," said Adam.
"No,I don't want to talk with him right now," said Blue.
Adam and Jesse just nodded.

Suzan was laying in her bed,bandaged and comfortable. Blue right by her side.
Adam and Mercy were down stairs in the living room.
"She is gone,but I am sure,it was Leah," said Mercy.
"Why would she attack Suzan? Or Blue? She was the one that left Bran. She even left a signed divorce papers,he signed them too. They are not married anymore,the mate bond is long gone,what is she doing?" asked Adam.
"Maybe she changed her mind?" suggested Mercy.
"You think she would have kill Blue so she can get Bran back?" asked Adam.
Mercy shrugged.
"Samuel is on his way," said Ben.
"Good," said Adam.
Mercy gave him a worried look. Females are known to have less chances to survive a werewolf attack,and Suzan doesn't look like she has a chance at all.

Bran called Blue again. He was surprised when he heard the rings and suddenly got to her voice mail.
"Blue hung up on me," said Bran.
Anna and Charles shared looks of confusion.
"I will call Mercy," said Bran.
"Hi Bran," said Mercy.
"Mercy what's going on? Blue hung up on me,and she is still scared,and upset,and hurt…"
"They were attacked by a werewolf,Suzan is in a bad shape,we hope she will survive,Blue injuries were minor and already taken care of,"
There was a long pause.
"What aren't you telling me,Mercy?"
"I recognized the scent of the werewolf,Bran it was Leah. I think she wanted to kill Blue,she was interrupted by Wulfe,one of the local vampires that happen to pass by and chose to help," said Mercy.
"I will deal with it. Keep me posted," Bran finished the call before she could add another word.

Samuel checked Suzan and shook his head. "There is nothing I can do,it's up to her now,"
"Does she have a chance?" asked Blue.
"Not a very good one,I am sorry," said Sam.
She nodded.
Suddenly Sam froze.
Blue looked at him and then at Suzan. She wasn't breathing.
"No!" called Blue and started a CPR.
Bran called Mercy again and now was on the line with her. He could hear Blue sobbing and his heart broke.
"Come on Suzi,come on!"
Sam was about to pull her away when suddenly Suzan gasped and opened her eyes.
"Aunt Suzi?" whispered Blue.
Suzan's eyes flushed in a bright glowing green.
Sam sighed deeply. "She survived,"
"God,my head is going to explode,too much smells and too much noise,"
Blue jumped on her with a hug. "I almost lost you,"
"I am sorry,sweetie,I am here now,and I am staying," she promised.
"Put Adam on the phone Mercy," she almost forgot that Bran was still on the line.
"Yes?"
"Teach her everything she need to know,she probably will prefer to stay with you,if not,let me know and I will find her another pack," said Bran.
"I am staying,I was planning to stay before all of that,I left Washington so I can be here,for Blue." Suzan replied to the conversation that only the wolves could hear.
"O.k. then,do the ceremony Adam,and help her adept,"
"Don't worry. She will be fine with us,"
"Good. Let me know if Leah will show up there again,"
"Will do," said Adam and Bran hung up.
"Who is Leah?" asked Suzan.
"Bran's ex. She was the one that attacked you," answered Adam.
"His ex. So it's all about me,and him."
"It's not your fault sweetie,or Bran's. Remember my ex,Paul? He came after you and after my boyfriend at the time,it wasn't my fault,and it wasn't David's,"
Suddenly Blue started to laugh.
"What so funny?" asked Suzan.
"David was before Paul. Your boyfriend at the time was Michael,"
"Oh. How am I supposed to remember so many jerk boyfriends?"
Everyone in the room laughed,making Suzan to cover her ears with her palms.
"Come on,let's leave her alone to get some rest," said Adam and they cleared the room.

Hi,
This story is in the Mercy Thompson world.
Enjoy:)
R&R 
Chapter 9:
Blue sat in the kitchen when her phone rang. She looked at Bran's name on the screen and wasn't sure if she wanted to answer.
She could feel his pain thought the bond,feeling of lose.
She accepted the call.
"I am so sorry," he said before she could say anything.
"It wasn't your fault," said Blue.
"But you blame me anyway. You are not coming next weekend,are you?"
"I don't know,"
"And you don't want to see me or talk to me anymore,"
"Brany,I really don't know what I want right now,I will talk to you tomorrow,o.k.?"
"O.k. good night,"
"Good night." Said Blue and hung up.

Blue was holding her head in her hands.
"It really isn't his fault,Leah is a crazy bitch," said Mercy that got in the kitchen and sat,next to Blue.
"Don't curse,please,"
"Those old wolves got to you? Such a shame,"
Blue giggled.
"I heard you calling him Brany,so I guess it's a good sign," smiled Mercy.
"I guess I can't really get mad at him,"
"Oh trust me,he will give you a lot of reasons to get mad at him,that just not it,this time,"
"Really?"
"He is old and everything,but he knows how to push your buttons,"
Blue smiled.
"I don't know why I am so mad,it really wasn't his fault and Suzan is alright,"
"You are mad because your family was threatened,and you are getting all of your anger on the one person that will accept it,and still be there for you in the end of the day," said Mercy softly.
"I don't want to hurt Bran,"
"Trust me,he will be fine,"

Bran felt like he just fell asleep when his phone rang.
5 a.m.
He really just fell asleep. It was 3 a.m. when he got to his bed.
"Hello," he answered sleepily.
"Oh… I woke you up,sorry,Brany," she said softly.
"Blue?" he mumbled.
"I just wanted you to know that we are good,and that I don't mad at you,"
"You doesn't?"
"Go back to sleep,Honey,we will talk later today,sleep tight,"
She could hear his deep breathing on the phone.
He already fell back to sleep.

When Bran woke up,it was noon.
He was surprised to see on his phone that he talked with Blue at 5 a.m.
He took a shower,drank some cocoa and called her.
"Blue?"
"Hi Brany,"
"Did we talk at 5 a.m.?"
"Yeah,I woke you up,I am sorry,"
"What did we talk about?"
"Nothing much,you were too sleepy,"
"Sorry,"
"Not your fault;we both had a long night,I just didn't want to go to sleep before I let you know that I am not mad at you or blame you in anything,"
"Really?"
She chuckled.
"Really. Anyway,Adam did the ceremony this morning,and Suzan is thrilled,they are practicing combat now,I got tired of watching,so you called just on time,"
"Good to know. Where are you driving?"
"How did you-"
"I am a werewolf,I have good ears,"
She giggled.
"You mean pointed ears?"
"Ha,funny," he mocked.
"Are you mocking me Mr. Cornick?"
He laughed and she joined him.
"I miss you. So where are you going?"
"I miss you too. I am going to a blood bank,Jesse wanted to give Wulfe a thank you gift,"
He growled. "You are not getting anywhere near this vampire,"
"First,don't growl at me,and second,I am just going to leave a cooler on his porch,it is day light after all,"
"Sorry. I can't protect you from here,and you are being reckless,"
"Hey,don't worry about me,I will be fine,I promise,"
He sighed.
"See you tonight on skype?"
"Sure."
"O.k. bye Brany,"
"Good bye,"

It was that evening,just before dinner that a knock on the door was heard.
Jesse opened the door.
"Hi there,little cub,"
"Amm hi," said Jesse.
"Who should I thank for the delightful gift and the lovely note?" asked Wulfe.
"What is he talking about?" asked Adam.
"Amm… I wrote him a thank you note for last night,and Blue got a cooler with blood bags and put it with the note on his porch," explained Jesse.
"How did you know where he lives?"
"I tracked his cellphone," shrugged Blue.
"Blue,that was stupid,Bran will kill us," said Adam.
"Bran knows,he called when I was on my way to the blood bank," said Blue.
"And he agreed with this?"
"He growled at me,but it's not like he can do anything,could he?" asked Blue.
Adam sighed.
"Well that was entertaining," said Wulfe.
"Yeah…" said Jesse. She was staring at him.
"You have something to say little cub?"
"Jesse,get in,good night Wulfe,thanks for last night," said Adam.
Wulfe smiled and disappeared.

Adam closed the door.
"What's going on Jesse? Why are you reacting to this guy like that?" asked Adam.
"I am fine dad,don't worry. Can we eat now?"
"Sure," sighed Adam and they went to the kitchen.

Hi,
This story is in the Mercy Thompson world.
Enjoy:)
R&R 
Chapter 10:
Blue just parked her car in front of Bran's house. She waited for this weekend to finally come.
She opened the door and was warped with Bran's strong arms and attacked by his lips.
She kicked the door closed and kissed him back,sinking in to the kiss.
They only stopped to take a breath.
"Hi," she giggled.
"Hi," he was grinning.
She hugged him tightly,stroking his hair.
She felt so bad for hurting and blaming him about something that wasn't his fault.
His hold on her tightened,as her feelings washed him through the bond.
"It's o.k. don't worry about it anymore,it's over,and Charles is searching for Leah,and she wouldn't hurt you anymore,"
She kissed his lips softly. "I missed you terribly,"
"I missed you too," he whispered.
It didn't take them long to found the bed nor to get out of their clothes.
They made love slowly,taking their time to caresses and kiss each other's body,until they fell in to a blissful sleep.
Blue woke up hours later to soft kisses on her shoulder and neck.
She smiled and sighed.
"Hello," she said.
"Hello," he replied,still kissing.
She turned to face him and pulled his lips to hers. Their tongues fought for dominance in their mouths. True to be told,werewolves fight for dominance about everything.
They made love again,strongly and passionately this time.
"God," breathed Blue,"I feel like I ran a marathon or something,"
Bran chuckled breathlessly. She smiled and kissed his nose affectionately. He snuggled to her body,resting his head on her chest and closing his eyes.
She stroked his hair gently.
"You are putting me to sleep," he mumbled.
"And that's a bad thing?"
He smiled and actually fell asleep.
Bran woke up the next morning to an empty bed. He took a shower and went down the stairs.
Blue was sitting with Anna on the couch in the living room,a cup of cocoa in front of each of them.
"Morning Brany,slept well?" she smiled at him.
"Good morning,I slept great," he replied.
"Want some breakfast?" she suggested.
He shook his head and joined them with a cup of cocoa of his own.
He sat down next to Blue,she kissed his cheek and passed her fingers through his hair.
She sighed and went to grab a towel.
"Why men never dry their hair after showering?" asked Blue as she started to dry his hair with the towel. He whined in discomfort.
"Hash,"
"I have no idea," said Anna smiling.
Bran was trying and failing miserably to stop Blue from drying his hair,it annoyed him. Anna couldn't stop smiling at his attempts to push her away.
"Would you stop that? I am almost done. You are acting like a little wolf,"
He whined in response.
Anna giggled quietly. "I will leave you to yourselves,have a nice day,"
"You too,and tell Charles I said hi," said Blue.
"Sure thing,bye Blue,Bran."
"Bye," they said together and she left.
"Are you alright?" asked Blue after finishing drying his hair.
He snuggled to her body,and she warped her arms around him.
"It was odd to wake up alone while knowing that you are here,"
"Sorry. I woke up early,and didn't want to wake you," she kissed the top of his head.
"It's o.k. just leave my hair alone next time,it was annoying,"
"I wouldn't need to dry your hair for you if you dry it yourself," she stated.
He made a face and changed in to a more comfortable position.
"What our plans for today?" asked Blue.
"I don't know,whatever you want to do," said Bran.
"Want to go for a hike?" asked Blue.
He looked up at her,from his head position on her chest.
"I didn't know you are a hiker,"
"I am not,but I can enjoy a hike now and then,"
"Sounds nice. We can pack a bag with water and some food and go for a hike in the woods,"
"Cool," she grinned and he laughed.
Later that day,they had backpacks with water and food,and even a tent and blankets in case they will choose to spend the night outdoors.
They were walking silently for a while.
"What on your mind,my little Blue?"
She smiled at the nickname.
"Nothing really,I just wish the school year will be finally over,so I can move in here permanently,"
His eyes shined with affection.
"I wish that too," he whispered.
They stopped in a clearing and set up a picnic.
They had fruits,sandwiches of cheese,chocolate and white wine.
After eating,they kept hiking,and eventually set up the tent,and lit up a bonfire.
"This is nice," said Blue,snuggling against his chest.
"It is," he murmured to her neck,kissing it softly.
"Brany," she sighed,closing her eyes.
The small bonfire was getting low as they got in their tent,their own fire getting high and bright as they took off their clothes and got under the blankets.
They made love passionately this night in their tent in the woods under the stars and the moon.
After that night,Blue and Bran spent a lot of weekends hiking and camping. They enjoyed the open air and the woods together.

Hi,
This story is in the Mercy Thompson world.
Enjoy:)
R&R 
Chapter 11:
Spring break came and gone,and graduation was closer than ever.
Blue spent her spring break and most of her weekends in Aspen Creek,with Bran and the Marrok pack.
Leah disappeared and Charles failed to find her yet.

Blue was jogging in the spring night. She was alone,although Adam didn't like it.
She needed some alone time.
Blue passed by a tree,and then ran backward.
"Jesse?" she asked confused.
Jesse was kissing with someone behind a tree,while Blue and everyone in the house were sure she was still in her room.
"Hello miss Marrok," said Wulfe,wiping Jesse's lips gloss from his mouth.
"Don't call me that,I am not calling you Mr. vampire do I Wulfe?"
"Fair enough,I suppose,Blue," he smirked.
"Are you feeding on her?"
"Blue!" protested Jesse.
"If I was feeding on her,the little cub was dead long ago," said Wulfe.
"So what are you doing exactly?"
"I believe the term these days is dating," said Wulfe.
Blue looked at Jesse.
"Yes,he has some odd effect on me sometimes,but I am willingly dating him,and we are having fun,"
"Adam will kill you," said Blue.
"It's a little bit of hypocrisy from you and Adam,don't you think?" asked Wulfe.
"It's not because you are a vampire,not entirely anyway,but your mistress tried to kill her stepmother too many times for Adam to accept you easily,"
"Fair enough. That is the reason he doesn't know,and we will appreciate if it will stay that way," said Wulfe.
"If you hurt her,you are dead. I will burn you to crisp," warned Blue.
"Deal." He smirked at her and she rolled her eyes at him.
"Be careful Jesse,and you know you can trust me," said Blue.
"I know,and I do. Have a nice jog," smiled Jesse,and pulled Wulfe away,to make out behind another tree.
None of them noticed the woman across the street.

It was the next night. Adam came to Jesse's room to ask her something and found an empty room.
He rushed to the living room,looking for Blue.
"Blue,do you know where Jesse is? She is not in her room," said Adam.
"I think that I do,give me a minute?"
He nodded.
Blue called Jesse and got to her voice mail. Then she called Wulfe.
"I was just about to call you. The little cub stood me up and I was wandering if maybe,you let her father know,what he shouldn't know and he locked her up,"
Blue looked at Adam,that was getting paler by the moment.
"I did not. Wulfe,I think…" her voice trailed off.
"Someone took her;your mate's ex,perhaps?" he suggested.
"I think so,she wasn't found yet,and maybe she is trying to cause a mess between werewolves and vampires."
"My mistress doesn't know about me and the little cub," said Wulfe.
"She doesn't need to know,the fact that Adam knows now that you were dating is enough for him to go and accuse her at kidnapping,which he wouldn't do," she gave Adam a meaningful look.
"So now what?" asked Wulfe.
"Sit tight,hon' I am calling Bran,"
"Keep me posted,"
"Of course,bye."
"Good bye."
She finished the call and dialed Bran.
"My daughter was dating a vampire and you knew and said nothing?" asked Adam,angrily.
"I caught them making out last night,on my jog. I promise to keep it to myself as long as Jesse is safe,"
"And how could you possibly know that she is safe?"
"I broke in to security cameras all over the city,I was watching them,now and then," she explained.
"Brany!"
"Hello Blue,what's wrong?"
"Leah took Jesse,she is trying to make a mess between the werewolves and the vampires,"
"How vampires?"
"Jesse is dating Wulfe. Bran,do you have someone from the pack close to the tri-cities area?"
"She was-"
"Bran!"
"O.k. o.k. Charles,Anna and the Moor should be close enough to you,"
"Great,I will deal with that," said Blue.
"I pretty sure Adam is the Alpha over there," he stated.
"And I am the Marrok's mate."
"You definitely are,good luck and call me,if you need me," he said proudly.
"Thanks," she hung up and called Charles.
"Hello Blue," said Charles.
"Hi Charles,how quickly can you three get to the Hauptmans' residence?"
"One hour," he didn't ask how she knows about them.
"Good,we are waiting." Said Blue and hung up without waiting for a response.
"Did you just hung up on Charles Cornick?" asked Mercy.
"Yes."
"He doesn't scare you,at all?"
"Who Charles? He is cool,a bit quiet,maybe,but cool," said Blue.
Mercy frowned and looked at Adam that was staring at nothing.
"Hey… we will found her,I promise," said Blue softly,squeezing his arm in comfort.

A moment later a knock was heard on the door.
"That can't be Charles," said Adam.
"That probably Wulfe," sighed Blue.
"You are not inviting him in," said Adam.
"I wasn't going to," said Blue and went outside.

Blue sat on the steps outside quietly,waiting.
Wulfe joined her a few moments later.
"You care for her," stated Blue.
"More than I should. She is just a sheep," said Wulfe.
"No she isn't. She is the daughter of the local Alpha. She was taken by wolves,dealt with fairy queen,and was there every time Mercy or her dad got in trouble,strong and powerful and fighting. She is not just a sheep,it's one of the reasons you never fed on her,"
"It's rare for a vampire to find a true companion,what the wolves calls mates. It never happens. I thought that the little cub was mine,I wasn't sure until I lost her. The pain in my chest is worse than the pain of desiccation," said Wulfe in his dreamy,odd voice.
"We will get her back," promised Blue.
He smiled at her,a first,rare,real smile.

"I checked your program,with the security cameras;she managed to avoid them,we have nothing," said Ben from the door.
"O.k. thanks Ben," said Blue.
He nodded and joined them on the steps.
"Protecting me from the big bad vampire?" asked Blue.
"Adam's orders,"
"She is safe,my mistress will kill me if I start a war with the Marrok,and hurting the Marrok's girl,will start just that," said Wulfe.
Ben just shrugged.
Not long after that,Charles parked his car on Adam's driveway,Anna and Asil with him.
