A Note about Mouthful of Forevers
This is strictly a story set in the Mercyverse. That means that canon characters may appear, but they aren't really the main focus in this story. Basically,I'm using the frame work of the Mercyverse to weave a new tale,much like Briggs did with the Alpha &Omega stories.
I hope that you will enjoy Marcus and Nadia's story,even if it doesn't focus on our dear friends in the main story lines.
-DF

Nadia
She had never believed in things that go bump in the night. Even when she had been a child,her father hadn't ever had to check under the bed for monsters because Nadia would tell him quite proudly that they weren't real. Monsters were things in storybooks,meant to scare little babies into being good.
It wasn't until she was an adult,with her own problems that she learned that monsters were indeed very real. It had started with the fae,coming out slowly after thousands of years of hiding. She had been surprised,but not repulsed by the idea of them. They were interesting and new,something Nadia had never considered before,and they had put a pin in her journalism career.
And then there were the werewolves,but not the romanticized version that she knew from books either,even if that was the image that they were trying to push. The wolves were very good at pretending to be sheep,disguising themselves as the heroes rather than the villain that so many were trying to paint them as.
She should have guessed that other creatures wouldn't be left to the books either.
Nadia stuffed her keys back into her coat,quickly shuffling into her car and shutting the door as the rain tapped its fingers on the roof. She reached to make sure that the locks were in place,although she knew that it would hardly stop what she was running from. Her Jeep Cherokee was that classic stationwagon look,a dark green with a wood panel running down the side. She loved it though,and it had enough room for her camp out in the back when she needed to.
She took a deep breath through her nose as she closed her eyes,rain still clinging to her hair. The dark curls were going to be even more unmanageable than usual thanks to the combination of wind and rain.
She reached across the seat towards the discarded newspaper,a picture of a man carrying a child boldly displayed on the front page. It was old,years old now,but she had been able to dig it up in the local library. The man,one David Christiansen,had lead a mission to retrieve some kids from a terrorist camp in South Africa. He was the first werewolf to come to the public eye and he was also,despite appearances,very dangerous.
In her mind,she ran over all the facts that she had found out about David. Special forces turned mercenary,turned somewhere in between. She didn't care about particulars,she just needed help and he seemed the one most likely to do the job.
Now all she needed was a phone.
Phones were actually quite dangerous in the grand scheme of things,which was why she didn't carry one anymore. She didn't need another way to be tracked,already having a difficult time staying out of their view. She drove the Cherokee around the block,scanning the streets for a payphone. She didn't even know if they still were around,as pretty much everyone was reliant on cell phone service these days.
It took her some time,but on a not so fair side of town she finally found one connected to a gas station. Digging some change out of the cup holder,she darted out of the car and up to the awning that sheltered the sidewalk from the storm. Nadia glanced uncertainly around herself before pushing the mixture of quarters,dimes and nickels into the slot and picking up the receiver. She dug in her jean pocket for a scrap of paper with a phone number on it,the only number she had been able to dig up after a month of investigating. All she knew about David was from newspaper clippings,and what she'd been able to scrounge up online. Calling contacts from her old life had brought more questions rather than answers.
Questions like...where are you? What happened? Questions that she knew that she couldn't answer,at least...not right now. She wasn't sure about the answers,and really didn't want to burst anyone else's safe bubble. She punched the numbers harder than she intended to,her heart pounding louder in her head as she listened to it ring once. Twice. Three times. Her jaw clenched involuntarily as she heard a soft static that indicated that someone was listening.
Silence hung between them for a moment,as they both waited for the other to break the silence.
"David Christiansen?" Nadia finally ventured,her voice a squeak higher than she intended. She had wanted to seem cool and collected,businesslike.
"Yes,and you are?" The voice that replied was lighter than expected,and she strengthened her resolve.
"Nadia Allen." She said,hesitating again. "I saw you in the paper." She said,feeling hurried all of a sudden.
"And how can I help you,Nadia Allen?" Christiansen asked.
"Someone's chasing me." She murmured,dropping her voice. Her mother would have scolded her for mumbling,inaudible to most. Christiansen didn't miss a beat.
"Who?"
"I can't say." She admitted. "But I can't go to human police. I need...werewolf help." Nadia checked over her shoulder again,feeling the hair on the back of her neck standing up. Was someone watching her?
"Where are you,Ms. Allen?" He asked,his tone like glass,smooth but threatening to break with something more...tempered.
"Detroit." She answered,feeling a flutter of hope in her chest for the first time.
"I'm too far to be of help in Detroit." He said,sounding regrettable. Her heart sank for a moment,but then he began to speak again.
"I have a comrade in Detroit,someone who might be able to help you. Do you have a pen?"
And that was how she ended up circling Roseland Drive,searching the house numbers for the comrade of David Christiansen.

Marcus
Help me.
The familiar voice sent a volt of electricity through him and causing him to bolt onto his feet,his wolf leaping to the forefront in defense. Every muscle tensed under this skin as he swept the room with his eyes,the hair on the back of his neck standing straight up.
Everything in his home appeared in place,a scattering of his belongings amongst the furniture. He used his nose next,the house stale and musty with his scent. Only his scent. Marcus let out an exhausted breath as he pressed his hand to his forehead as if it could banish the headache that had formed there.
His other hand reached down for the glass of whiskey on the side table,gulping it down like a shot before slamming it back down. It shattered upon impact,his strength unrecognized,and he frowned. That was the third one this week. The wolf retreated,knowing that there was not an immediate danger.
A moment like this he would have reached to his pack for comfort,using the bonds that held them all together but there wasn't anyone to reach to anymore. It made him dangerously unstable,and the Marrok was practically breathing down his neck with worry. Lone wolves could be dangerous,and the circumstances surrounding his situation made him much more likely to be.
Marcus rummaged through the house,the whiskey still burning his throat until he found a trashcan and raked the broken glass into it. The shards broke the skin of his hand,but being a werewolf meant that he healed faster than most. So by the time he returned the trashcan to its rightful place,the cuts were healed to thin lines and by the time he opened the refrigerator they were gone completely.
If it hadn't been for the silence in the house,he might not have heard the most timid knock at the front door. He paused for a moment,then continued to reach into the fridge,rummaging around for the orange juice he was sure was in there somewhere. The person at the door knocked again,louder and more frantic this time,causing him to pause again. Who the hell was knocking on his door? He didn't have friends anymore,no family...no...pack. He clenched his jaw as he shut the fridge with his foot,and tossed the orange juice container up on the counter.
He grabbed a shirt off a dining room chair on his way to the door,not wanting to scar any potential girl scouts for life. The knocking started again as he tugged it on,a growl rumbling low in his throat. He would regret being mean later,probably mid drink,but right now he was too annoyed to care.
He yanked the door open just as another knock hit the door,coming face to face with a woman. She was young looking,probably late twenties,in a trench coat. Her hair was wet and matted against her head,and her eyes were the most interesting shade of green he'd ever seen. He narrowed his eyes,watching as her scent flooded with fear. He wasn't the most pleasant thing to look at,he knew,a rake of scars across his nose from right eye to the bottom left of his chin.
She held his eyes which told him that she wasn't familiar with werewolves,so he gave a little growl to prompt her. She jumped and lowered her eyes quickly,having realized her mistake. Dominance game aside,he held the door frame and shifted his weight to lean.
"Can I help you?" He asked,clearing his throat politely. He didn't have much intention to help her,really,but his mother had taught him to be polite to women in all circumstances. Recent experiences had marred that manner,but from what he could smell...she as human.
Trench coat shuffled,tucking some of her wet hair behind her ear and made a low sound that sounded a lot like a curse word. With her head down,she couldn't exactly see the touch of a smile on his lips.
"David Christiansen gave me your name. He said you could help me." She said,not sounding very confident about it,but he couldn't smell a lie in what she said. He narrowed his eyes again.
"Sorry,but he was wrong." He said,stepping back into the house,starting to push the door closed in her face. He was surprised when she fought back,grabbing the door and trying to hold it open. He could have really forced it closed if he had wanted,but he hesitated.
"Please." She said again,lifting her eyes to look him in the face,challenging him. His wolf jumped forward at the challenge,making his presence known by the amber-gold shade clouding his normally blue eyes. She shrank back for just a moment before holding her ground,amusing both of them this time. She looked quite frail,but she was a fighter. "I can't go to the police. I can't go to anyone but you…"
He listened to her swallow hard,and opened the door to her again. He crowded her as only a 6'1 werewolf can do,backing her up with just his presence until she was cornered against the wall of his porch. He set a hand against the wall,blocking her escape back out to the car perched on the side of his yard.
"Why not?" The wolf asked,using Marcus' voice for his own purpose. The smell of her fear had heightened,making him eager for a hunt.
"I can't tell you." She said,shrinking.
"Truth." He murmured,as Marcus took control and pushed the wolf back again. He took a step back and let out a deep breath,clenching his fists at his sides before working them out again. He smoothed a hand through his hair,before turning back towards the door. "Come inside. We'll talk and see if I can help. If Christiansen sent you to me,it must be important."
He waited,watching her debate internally on if she wanted his help or not. If she were smart,she'd run and take her chances elsewhere,but he watched as she gathered her resolve and hurried inside.
Well this is going to be interesting. He thought,as he closed the door behind him.

Nadia
This friend of David Christiansen was an asshole. If she weren't desperate,she probably would have taken her chances in trying to piss him off,but she needed his help. She glanced around the house as she stepped inside,finding it in a chaotic disarray. Things were piled everywhere from laundry to books to papers. It smelled like alcohol and musk,even to her human nose. What kind of person lived like this?
The man sidestepped her after closing the door,taking the step down into the den area. She could tell by his body language that he was paying attention to her,even if he was not looking directly at her. She was sort of grateful that he wasn't.
"Coming?" He asked,not bothering to look back as he walked away. She frowned,and folded her arms under against her coat as she reluctantly followed. The kitchen was not quite as messy as the den,but it was on its way there and was large enough for a Thanksgiving dinner party for twenty. Who needed a house this big? Did he live alone?
The wolf picked up a bottle of orange juice that had been set on the counter,pouring himself a glass and gulping it down before looking at her again. Was that glass dirty? Ew.
"Sit." He said dismissively,as if he were used to giving orders,opening a cabinet and taking down another glass. He poured it full of orange juice before sliding it across the counter to where he had indicated she sit. Nadia didn't move a muscle,instead clenching her jaw in annoyance. She had had enough of being bossed around to last a lifetime. She wasn't going to let him dictate to her,meeting his eyes. The brows over those eyes rose,as if to give her a questioning look.
"Miss…" He hesitated,and she realized he didn't know her name but she didn't know his either so she supposed that was fair. Christiansen had only given her the address. He seemed to realize the same,but his gaze never wavered. "Do you know anything about werewolves?" He asked,his tone more relaxed than his posture.
She shuffled nervously,reaching out to hold on to the countertop for balance.
"Just the articles in the paper." She replied,all of sudden aware of his hinting and dropped her eyes. Damn it,she had forgotten again.
"It's interesting because even humans have some inkling of what we are even if they don't really know. Most drop their eyes without realizing it,but you keep meeting mine on purpose. You're either brave,or very...very stupid." He made an amused sound,and she muttered a curse under her breath. "So let me warn you,that you do not want to play dominance games with a wolf,love."
"Don't call me that." She snapped,raising her eyes again. "I don't appreciate being belittled."
His eyes were the warm gold hue again,and he looked very interested in her all of a sudden. She averted her eyes down to the orange juice that he had offered,wrapping her hands around it. It wasn't coffee,but her body could use the sugar.
The silence hung heavy between them as she lifted the glass to sniff it's edge,just be sure it was actually clean. She sipped when she was satisfied,though the smell of orange juice could probably mask a dirty glass.
"Christiansen didn't give me your name. Just your address." Nadia said slowly,taking a stab at being civil.
"Marcus Devato." He hesitated,as if strangled. "Alpha of Detroit." His voice was much sadder than before,as though something had occurred to him. She wondered what it could have been,but he moved on before she could pry. "David didn't tell me I would be getting a visitor."
"Oh," She had thought perhaps he would have called his so called comrade. "I'm sorry?"
She reached up to tuck an unruly strand of hair away from her face,studying the marble pattern in the countertop.
"I'm Nadia." She began slowly,pushing her finger along one of the veins near her glass. "I'm from…well that doesn't matter." She didn't know the limits of what she could or couldn't say to him. She didn't trust him,but she supposed that didn't matter.
"You said that you can't go to the police." Marcus said slowly,putting the orange juice back in the fridge. Nadia nodded. "And you can't tell me why." She nodded again.
She found herself studying him,from his short dark hair to the scars across his face down to his broad shoulders clad in a form fitting shirt. She wondered if he had other scars,perhaps under the crumpled green tee or gray sweats. He cleared his throat politely,shifting her thoughts.
"It would be easier to protect you if I knew what was coming." He said. He must have been repeating himself because of the way he said it slowly. She made a face.
"I know. I'm sorry." She murmured,though she knew it was probably better if he didn't know. "I probably won't stay here long,but I thought that maybe...staying with a werewolf might be better than staying in a motel. You guys are stronger...uhm...less fragile." She made a motion with her hand,shrugging lightly as she pushed back from the counter.
She watched as he reached across the countertop to top off her juice before taking the jug back and putting it away in a stainless steel refrigerator. He seemed to be considering her request.
"I am not in the habit of extending sanctuary to humans." He said slowly,and she felt her spine stiffen. All of the unease that she had been shoving back seemed to flood forward,and she clenched her jaw to keep herself from begging. She did not beg. She took care of herself,just as she had done for the last two years.
"Thank you for your time,then,Mr. Devato." She said stiffly,pulling back from the counter. "I'll show myself out."
A hand caught her elbow as she turned away from him,taking all of three steps back towards the front door and tugging her to a stop. Her head whipped around to glare up at Marcus,her eyes glazed with unshed tears.
"I said that it is not my habit." Devato said,his face tightening. "Not that I would not."

A/N:Thanks for all the nice reviews and sorry it took me so long to get back. 3 Enjoy the chapter!Marcus
The Marrok called as soon as he left her alone in one of the bedrooms. He had an uncanny way of knowing the most inopportune times to call,specifically when Marcus needed it most. The Alpha of the North American werewolves looked like anything but what he was. He looked like a young man,nothing terribly special about his pale skin and sandy hair. He looked like a college kid,muffling what he was so that he appeared as human as possible. Old bastard liked to take people by surprise. He had done just that when Marcus had been a pup,fresh out of the Change during Vietnam.
Vietnam had been the birthplace of a fair amount of American werewolves,including Christansen and the Tri-Cities alpha,Adam Hauptman - mate of Bran's adopted daughter,Mercedes.
"Bran." Marcus murmured,his voice smooth as glass. His relationship with Bran had been terse since...things had gone bad about a year ago. He did not want his help,didn't want anyone's help.
"This will be good for you." The Marrok said,his voice equally as smooth,and then...he hung up.
Marcus pulled the phone away from his ear to frown at the screen which blinked a:04 second call time and Marrok's number. The Marrok was squirrely,knowing things that he shouldn't know about - an uncanny gift from some long,boring back story that Marcus didn't want to think about just then. He tucked the phone into his back pocket,and pinched the bridge of his nose. He needed another drink.
Water cut on upstairs,his hearing good enough to carry down some of the soft humming and the sound of damp clothes hitting the floor. He couldn't remember the last time he had heard something so normal and mundane.
His wolf was pleased with their decision to protect the woman upstairs,as if he had scratched an itch that had been hard to get to. He would see her safely through the next 48 hours or so,then find someone better suited to a protection detail for a human dealing with monsters. She was on a dangerous ledge with him,taunting his wolf with her fear (albeit masked well) and insisting upon meeting his eyes. When he had been more in control,such little things would not have bothered him as much...but lately...it was practically a death wish.
Releasing the bridge of his nose,he moved towards his study - and reached under his desk for his emergency stash of hard liquor,taking a swig straight from the bottle. He was lucky that alcohol didn't affect werewolves like it could humans,otherwise he might have been dead from liver failure. His father had been a drunk,and Marcus had sworn off the stuff at fifteen...but things changed.
He kept one ear open as he replaced his secret stash under the desk,sitting down to boot up the old dinosaur of a computer that sat dead center on his desk. Marley had bugged him for years to get with the program when it came to technology,but she had only gotten as far as upgrading his cell phone (still two generations behind) before….
The wolf let out an irritated growl,drawing his attention away from the memories and to the sound of harsh wheezing just under the running water. He was bolting up the stairs,taking them three at a time before he realized it and throwing the bathroom door open before he even registered it.
His home was older,which meant the bathroom had been an addition to the bedroom and was relatively small. The shower curtain was tucked into the old iron clawfoot tub,a bold floral pattern that had been the choice of someone else. The wheezing was louder and Marcus all but ripped the shower curtain down in his haste.
Nadia was huddled in the bottom of the tub,the shower still spraying in her face as she gasped and wheezed. She looked absolutely terrified as she looked up at him,his head snapping up to look around the room for danger,before reaching down to lift her out and set her down on the rug just in front of the tub.
"What happened?" He asked,reaching for her face. She shrank back,shaking violently,and he pulled back too. He took stock of her,accustomed to naked people,something one became accustomed to very quickly when you were a werewolf,but found that she had no physical wounds. He reached up to snatch a towel hanging on the wall,drawing it around her shoulders. His medical training came flooding back,although it was years out of practice at this rate,and he guided her carefully to put her head down toward her knees.
"Breathe,kitten." He murmured,placing a hand on her back and rubbing gently. "Listen to me,now." His voice was calm and even,as he reached down for his alpha voice. "Take a deep breath and hold it for me,okay?" He waited until she had done so. "That's it...five,four...three,two...one…now let it go."
He shifted his body,leaning on his hip and one palm. "Another." He said,once she had taken a few more shaking breaths. The wheezing was lessening,and he sat with her until it had passed. He made her repeat the exercise several time,until she was sitting up with her elbows propped on her knees. He reached out,to brush back the wet strands of hair that covered her face. She was pale,her lips white as ash.
"Nadia?" He rumbled,pulling his authority from somewhere. She was not pack,not even a wolf,but even humans knew when to listen. He let her meet his eyes,which she quickly dropped again. "Are you alright?"
She gave a faint nod of her head,starting to shake herself out of whatever it was that had brought this on. He watched as she adjusted the towel draped over her back,pulling it closer.
"Sorry." She muttered,licking her lips. He pulled back,giving her some space to breathe because he was painfully aware of his wolf,who was close to the surface. He was angry and confused,which made him more angry. He wanted to know what had happened,who had hurt that which was his to protect? The wolf didn't grasp concepts like panic attacks.
"It's okay." He said,quietly. She wouldn't know that he had just lied. It wasn't okay. He shifted his weight,sitting fully on his ass and stretching out a leg. "You're good now,right?" He didn't plan to budge until he was sure.
"Yeah." She lied,but he would let it slide. "Fuck." The curse was soft,almost inaudible,but full of venom. He narrowed his eyes,but let the silence hang between them for a while. "I'm naked. And what smells like wet dog?" She said,hesitating and blushing as if she were suddenly aware. Something that might have been a smile quirked the edge of his lips and Marcus rolled to his feet. He was soaking wet from the shower,which was still running next to them. In a fluid movement,he reached in to turn off the running water and reach down to offer her a hand.
He could sense the wariness that made her hesitate.
"I could close my eyes,but I did just pull you out of the shower and put that towel on you." An eyebrow rose over his left eye as he kept his hand out. After a moment,she took the hand he offered and he helped pull her to her feet.
Marcus gave the door frame a passing glance as he guided her back out of the bathroom,wincing at the damage. Viktor would have killed him,the frame splintered where he had knocked the antique door right out of it's hinges. He had been the real mastermind behind the whole house. His second. The pain of loss twinged at his heart,something he would have hidden from the pack if there was anyone to hide it from.
Nadia had readjusted the towel as they left the bathroom,wrapping it under her arms and pushing her wet hair away from her face again.
Marcus cringed again as he spotted the bedroom door in similar shape as the bathroom door,except he had split the door down the middle from impact. He'd have to move Nadia to another room,perhaps closer to his own.
She wiggled out from under his guiding hand,which he had placed at the small of her back,and turned around to face him. He stiffened.
"Thanks." She said,meeting his eyes briefly and sounding more sheepish than before. "I'll just...uhm...put clothes back on."
He nodded,knowing a subtle cue to go when he heard one. He waited until he had passed through the broken door,going to draw it shut out of habit,but it wouldn't close much to his dismay. Ultimately he left it almost closed,before going back downstairs,his mind swarming with a new revelation,his wolf chomping at the bit in a bid for control.
Nadia's shoulders had been covered in bite marks.

Nadia
She stayed on her feet until the werewolf was gone,the door slightly ajar. When she was alone,she let herself sink back down to the floor beside the bed and pressing a hand to her forehead which was clammy and cold. Holy hell.
The attack had come on without warning,one minute she had been scrubbing her skin under the warm shower and the next she was on the rug outside of the tub with the werewolf hovering. He had called it a panic attack,but it had been something more - a nasty little perk of her pursuer. The vampire.
Her throat was painfully dry,her tongue like a weight in her mouth,and she held the towel closed around her body. She had thought that being out of the state would have helped reduce the connection he had with her,but it seemed that it didn't matter how far she ran - he could reach her. As she closed her eyes,she could hear the sound of his maniacal laughter and it forced her to her feet. It wouldn't help to dwell on it.
She made quick work of changing,her duffle bag laying across the length of the bed. Marcus had insisted on helping her bring up her things,and parking her Jeep around the back so it was not visible from the street. She tugged on a clean pair of undies and jeans,along with an unmatched black bra and a navy tee that loudly proclaimed the tour dates of some band that she'd never heard of.
When she had left the house,she hadn't had time to take much of anything...besides the keys to the vampire's car. She had dumped it quickly,and 'borrowed' the Jeep because it had been an easy target. She had been afraid that the vampires could track her down in the black BMW,but she might have taken her chances if she had known that they could mess with her mind. Clothes had been harder to come by,and she had scribbled the name of the donation center that she needed to go back to and donate some clothes.
She ran her fingers through her damp hair,tugging it up and pulling the elastic hair tie off her wrist to tangle the hair into a messy bun that bobbled slightly when she walked. Socks and a pair of tennis shoes that had seen better days went on next,and she tugged at the shirt in the mirror before glancing at the door.
Devato was going to have questions.
Questions she could not...or would not answer,so she had to think of something else.
When she came down the stairs,she could smell something burning in the kitchen. She had noticed earlier that the house was unkempt,a spattering of random items tossed amongst the sparse furniture. It looked like pieces were missing,and had not been replaced. As she poked her head into the kitchen,she could hear the muttering of curses followed by the sound of a spatula scraping the bottom of frying pan.
There was a plate on the counter,with two dark golden brown pancakes cooling on it. He was raking a third,blackened disc meant to be a pancake into the trash. He set the pan back on the eye of the stove,which was too hot,and picked up a glass measuring cup that held the unused batter.
"Are you going to keep silently judging my pancake skills?" He said suddenly,startling her as she realized she'd been staring openly for a long time. Wolves had good hearing,or so she had heard.
"The pan is too hot." She murmured,taking a few more steps into the kitchen. He had changed clothes,though it seemed like he had forgone the shirt this time. He humphed,and reached up to turn down the heat,but it was a bit too late to save that pancake.
He pointed the spatula at the meager pile on the counter top. "Those are for you." He told her. "Syrup in the fridge,got maple and blueberry...I think. Butter too."
"Butter syrup?" She asked,knowing what he'd meant. He gave her an amused look,the scar on his face moving as he narrowed his eyes and pursed his lips ever so slightly.
"You know what I meant." He rolled his eyes as he turned back to scrape out the failed pancake. Nadia had to get close to him in order to pick up the plate,another nestled under it for his share. She chanced a glance at him,but he was intently focused on his pancake making. She put the plate on the island that he had given her orange juice earlier,the shiny marble reflecting the light like it hadn't before. She noticed the sound of the dishwasher then too,the smell of lemon industrial cleaner. He'd started cleaning up,apparently.
She looked at the various drawers in the kitchen,trying to decipher which one might hold the silverware.
"Here," Marcus said,as if reading her mind,tapping the cabinet drawer to his right. It was over the trashcan he had put half the food in. Everything felt normal,except she barely knew this guy. Something about him put her at ease,despite what had happened upstairs less than half an hour ago. She went to the drawer he indicated,pulling out a pair of forks. She had to pass at his back to put the fork she had gotten for him next to his plate. It was a habit.
She went to the fridge next,pulling on the stainless steel handle to open it up - and found it barren. The jug of orange juice on a middle shelf,next to an expired gallon of milk. Condiments lined the shelves in the door,a carton of eggs and a couple of take out bags. She found the maple syrup,but not the blueberry,taking the orange juice with her too. The butter was missing.
She took a seat at the island,pouring the syrup over the thin stack of pancakes. A fresh one appeared on her plate less than a second later,before being pulled away and substituted with three steaming ones.
"I can eat that." She said with a frown,looking up as Marcus leaned against the counter across from her. He poured more syrup on the pancakes than she had,before shuffling the bottle in her direction.
"I decided yours looked better than mine." He said,nonchalantly. He wiggled his fork down into the pile before sticking it and popping it into his mouth. "Eat."
Nadia reached for the syrup again,resisting the urge to roll her eyes. Men.
He waited until she had her mouth full of syrup and pancake before springing into his inquisition.
"So...do you want to tell me about those bites?" He said quietly,watching his own plate with feigned interest. She about choked,sucking the pancake down her throat as he caught her off guard. She had hoped he wouldn't have seen those,and she'd assumed he was going to ask her about something else first. He had waited until her guard was down...buttering her up with banter and pancakes.
She swallowed hard,forcing the pancake down and cleared her throat. He passed her a glass,filling it with the orange juice she had set out. She ignored it,instead meeting the golden eyes of the wolf before looking away.
"Bites?" She asked,playing dumb. It probably wasn't the best move,given her reaction to the question.
"On your shoulders." He pressed,tapping the places on his own body where he had presumably seen the marks. The vampire had preferred the shoulder to her neck…,something about resisting the urge to kill her outright if he didn't drink straight from her jugular.
"Oh? Those...aren't bites." She lied,and the look on his face told her that he knew it to be a lie.
"You told me earlier you didn't know much about werewolves." He mused,taking another bite of his stack of pancakes. "Something you should probably know is that wolves can tell when they're being lied to,kitten."
Her eyebrows rose in surprise. She hadn't known that. Or maybe he was lying to her?
"Prove it." She said,raising her chin in defiance. He quirked an eyebrow at her. She was sure he had never been questioned on his authority,but she saw a hint of amusement on his lips. He waved a hand at her,as if giving her permission to continue. Two truths and a lie was the obvious choice of game.
She considered him,and what she wanted to say,using her pancakes as a distraction as she thought of her three items.
"I'm from Vermont." She said slowly. "I have a journalism degree and I graduated last May."
"Lie." He replied,picking at his pancakes again. "Not in May."
She hesitated,narrowing her eyes. She hadn't even said her third one yet! She'd actually graduated in the fall,the year before that. She met his eyes,the cool blue back in place of the gold.
"Now," He said,clearly finished with her game. "The bites. Who?"
Nadia frowned at her half eaten pancakes,feeling her stomach turn. She set her fork down,leaning back on the bar stool and away from the countertop. She didn't want to think about the bites,let alone tell a stranger.
"I know that you know about the bites." She said slowly,unsure of the boundaries of what she could or could not say. She had to be careful,her words precise. "And I have to be careful,because too much talking could bring the...mosquitoes to me." She glanced at him to make sure he was picking up the gist. "There's a very special...mosquito who made sure I can't talk about the...mosquitoes."
The werewolf's face was grave.
"How long have the...mosquitoes been bothering you?" He asked slowly,his fork stopped in the middle of the air as he paid attention to her.
"A year." She glanced away. "Give or take. I've been...applying bug spray every couple of weeks,and it finally seemed to work about a month ago. I found a good bug zapper,but these mosquitos are nasty." He nodded at her,his face clearly concerned. Nadia had put a stake in the vampire's heart,but the lore had been wrong. A stake didn't kill a vampire. He had been down for a couple of hours,long enough to give her escape,but it didn't keep him down. She wasn't sure why.
"Where's the mosquito problem? Maybe we can call an exterminator?" He prodded,and she shook her head. She couldn't say that. Key details were forbidden. Marcus nodded,seeming to understand. "Okay,what about that reaction upstairs? Was that mosquito related?"
She gave an affirmative nod,and he cursed under his breath.
A/N:Enjoy a two for one special;) Thanks for the reviews,as always! I'm glad you are enjoying this story as much as I am. -DF
