Nightmares
Every day the same just normal teenager things school,boyfriends and life some find it easy some people like me find it hard in this world full of mysterious things and creators other people might not see them but I do it can affect my life and others. Some nightmares seem real and the things I see is unexplainable and supernatural. I wonder sometimes if their is anyone else out there the same,my name is jasmine I was only 10 when I found out my strange power but I'm 16 now and still have it,it gets worse every year,I can't stand it. The worse thing is some of dreams come true even nightmares that are the scariest,it all happens even death.
Relatives and friends even are killed by my powers I can't control;I always feel guilty I basically killed them but I know it's my powers. The things I see other people can't it's like a demon or bad spirit hangs around the target until they grow weak and die. People like me are able to not let another nightmare to his or hers soul,the things that haunt me I call 'nightmares' they carve for human's souls and energy,they feed off the soul and take away the person's energy. Nights do haunt your dreams send you messages of death and shows you the next victim. The dreams I have is horrible,on night I slept and the nightmares began I woke up in a dark room except a red door I walked slowly walked to the door. I went to open the door,I touched the handle it wasn't paint it was blood,it was a signal if I walked through that door it means death I refused but the room began to shrink the only way out was the door. I finally decided through the door I found a closet and surgery table and blood on surgery tools,my breathing became heavy I stood there frozen,I looked around for an escape only a metal door soon came a twist of the handle and I flung into the metal closet I could see through the gaps,a butcher covered in blood he drags out a body a human body and throws it on the table.
The body whimpers quietly its body strapped to the table while the butcher sorts through his surgery tools,he grabs a machete he strikes at the bodies arm blood splatters everywhere even on me. I rub it off my face I notice something in the corner of my eye I spot my friends jumper,could it be? The body on the table is Gabby my best friend. I started sobbing I couldn't stop my closest dearest friend is going to die because of me,because of the nightmares. The butcher turns around towards me and flings open the door,he grabs me by the waist and he throws me towards the brick wall,I sat on the ground slouched the pain shoot throughout my whole body I couldn't move,tears still falling down my face I managed to look up,the butcher walked up to me and kneeled down and held my chin up then pain struck down my spine,he chuckled,"another day,another life,another nightmare"
