"Celeste Newsome of Clermont,Two"
My picture flickered on to the screen. My brown hair created a gorgeous frame around my face,my red lips giving me have this wild look.
It was intriguing to see myself look that young and beautiful my stunning features popping off of the screen. I hear the whole town screaming outside and everyone in my house is clapping but
I am standing there in awe,I don't want to go and ruin my perfect life. Eventually I will be taken to the castle and be forced to compete for the love of Prince Maxon.
I am perfectly happy with my life,I am a two.
I could have been an eight living in the sewers eating scraps out of people's garbage cans. I have everything I am a model for pete's sake I have men lining up to be with me.
Before I can snap back to reality someone's arms wrap around me. "Honey are you". Before I could figure out who this was I broke out of their arms and ran up to my room. Stumbling up my steps as my vision became blurry as my tears wet my cheeks.
The hours flew by like minutes because at one point it was dark and now the light is streaming into my room. I know I am going to have to get myself together soon because people will most definitely becoming to wish me goodbye.
When I finally start to calm down and realize that I am not going to win by being nice I am going to have to seem nice to the prince but intimidating to the girls. I am not worried about my looks because all of my life I have been told how stunning I am.
If I am being honest I her never once been attracted to the prince,it the crown that I am attracted to. I know that sounds heartless but I have no need for the love that Maxon thrives for since I am everything that he is but royalty. If this was up to me I wouldn't have even considered applying for the selection.
Once I finally clear my head I start to think if I could pick fights without people knowing that I started them I could probably get some of the girls to leave. I honestly don't want to be horrible but I need that crown. I refuse to come home without it.
After all I am a Newsome.
