A/N:For the Disclaimer:
Surgeplus:Can I buy your books J.K. Rowling?
J.K. Rowling:Sure,if you have 193,283,281
Surgeplus:Damn I don't have that much money
Surgeplus and Surgeminus do not own these series. These series are going to be based on Harry Potter (only a little bit)
NOW ON WITH THE STORY!Chapter 1:The Beginning
On a cold,lonely morning,stood the Harper family. A lot of bad things had happened to the family,such as Lord Xenoverse killing their 2nd son. How that happened,they do not know,but they do know that their first son,Roy,was alive. "He has to learn magic,that's the only way he can stay alive and safe from Lord …. You-Know-Who",said Roy's mother. Roy's father said,"How do we send him there? Hmm." He said,"I will talk to Fistfistus and Parson,to see if Roy can join their school." Roy's father went to the school the next day to ask Fistfistus and Parson if their only son can join the school. Fistfistus said,"He may come to the school,but there will be a entering test to see if he is worthy to come in." Roy's dad said,"Ok,we will do our best to get him ready for the test."
The next day,Roy goes to Fistfistus Magic School to take the test. The test was very hard,and it was made up with subjects like Transfiguration,Potions,Charms,History,and Care of Creatures.,it had a lot of magic things he didn't know. Finally,the test was over and he was sent home. He didn't know how well he did on the test,as it was so hard. He went home and his parents had asked him,"How was the test Roy?"
Roy said,"It was very hard. I didn't know what most of the answers were."
Roy's dad looked a little disappointed. Roy didn't even know why his parents wanted him to go to this magic school. He didn't know anything about magic,and about this school. His parents had forbidden him to ask any questions related to this. He always wondered,why his parents didn't like him asking about this.
(A week later)
After a long week did Roy's test result come in the mail. He quickly ran to his mailbox and opened his letter. His results were:(test results came in form of A,B,C,D,and F)
Grades for Enter Examination for Roy Harper
Transfiguration - B
Potions - B+
Charms - A
History - C
Care of Creatures - A
Overall,Roy Harper has good grades to come to the school. School will start on September 21. Here is a list of things Roy Harper needs to bring to school.
Clothes(Preferably Black or Brown)
Wand
Books:
A beginning to Transfiguration by Spekter Brown
Potions for beginners by Ridia Lapol
A study of Charms,and how they work by Lucas Demindia
A interesting book of history for beginners by David MCCall
Care of Creatures,and how they work by Uza Nevia
You will also need to bring,
(Optional if you want to try out for Quidditch) A Broom
Safety items
Owl/Cat/Rat
Thank you,and we will see you on September 21.
Roy was very happy that day,because he was going to the magic school. The first thing he did,was show his parents the happy letter. His mom had said,"Oh Roy….. How happy I am for you." His dad was speechless,but Roy could understand what he meant,as he was smiling very hard. Later,his dad said,"We have to go to the magic shop,called Wizards Place,to get all your belongings. We will go there on September 16."
(On September 16)
Roy was going to the Wizards Place to get his stuff. He was excited mostly for his animal and wand.
We will continue this in the next chapter. Please review. Thanks!
Surgeplus/Surgeminus
