Chapter 1
Sofia
I need to get out of here and find Derek before I go into labor. I could go into labor any day now and I can't do anything about that except home that I find him before it happens.
"Derek. Where are you?" I look up at the sky as I hold my belly.
I turn and look at my escape partner,Eli,and was reminded that today was the day. I was going to get out of here. I was going to be riding out of here on the back of one of the beasts that were brought here. I can't wait to get out of here.
"Sofia,it is time to go. I fear that if we don't do it now,we may not get another chance." I looked at him and nodded in agreement. We went out to the garden and I got on the beasts back. I named him shadow a while back.
"Eli. Are you sure you're going to be alright running in the sun? We can wait until sundown and then go." I was worried about him. I didn't want him to get hurt.
"I'll be fine. You just have to make sure you get out of here and as far from here as possible." I just couldn't imagen going on without him.
I need to get away from here now. I don't think I can stand being here one more minute. My kids' lives are in danger.
"Okay,Shadow,let's do this. I'm sorry your about to feel pain too." Once that was said,we took off. We made it out okay but the sun was starting to burn them both. I couldn't stand to see them in pain. I knew we had to get to a safe place to hide.
"Eli! We need to find a safe place now."
"We can't. We need to get as far from here as we can. I don't think that is going to work." I needed to stop.
"Why not?" I looked over at his pain stricken face.
"My water just broke." He looked at me in shock for a second and then looked around for a safe place. It appears he found one too because he took off in a different direction and called shadow to follow.
We ended up in a building quite some ways away and I was starting to feel my contraction more and more. They were getting closer together.
"AAAAAAAAH!" the pain from the contractions was painful. I was in so much pain right now I could barely think.
Derek! I need you!
I instantly started to cry when I thought about him. I need him here with me right now. I just burst into tears and called out his name. He was supposed to be here with me for this. Where are you Derek.
As the day past with the pain of labor,I finally gave birth to my babies. I couldn't have been happier. I held them close and loved them with all my heart. But my heart was becoming the problem. I could feel my light slowly going out. I told Eli to take the babies and hide. I didn't want them in harm's way.
"I know you will take good care of them,but they did something to me and it is taking effect over me right now. Don't let anyone take them from you. You keep them safe until Derek comes for them okay. Now go. Take shadow with you and make sure he protects them." I kissed them both goodbye and they took off once the sun set.
I just lay there feeling the effects of whatever Kev did to me while I was in his grasp. I felt darkness taking over me.
When it finally dulled my light,I felt nothing for anyone. I had the desire to destroy everything around me. So when Kev found me in the abandoned house where I gave birth I just looked at him. No emotions what so ever passed through me.
"Time to go to battle sweet little Sofia,but first tell me where the kids are. I need them. Father needs them."
"I don't know I sent them away. Not even I know where they will be. I ordered him not to come out of hiding until Derek come to get them. You will never get your hands on my children." I didn't know it,but I guess I did have some emotions. But only for my children.
