Hey guys! So this is my first FanFiction,I hope you enjoy!PREFACE
As Oralie tried to hide the picture,Sophie felt so many emotions.
Happy? Yes.
Anger? Definitely.
Guilt? Ye-
"Sophie! I WON'T have you give into the guilt! You can't leave m- Sophie!" Oralie shook Sophie,but it was to late.
Sophie had let the guilt of Keefe's betrayal break her.
So I know this is super short,but I've been sick for a while,and having had much writing time.
I hope you enjoy,comment,and like!
Have a fun rest of summer (or if you've started school already,have a fun school year)
Also,how do you make it so it stays for longer than 90 days?

So I'm back! I hope you didn't miss me! I had a bit of trouble with uploading,but I think I made it work. I have started school,so I won't be posting as often as I would like. Sorry! (Also,I am super bad at updating things,but we can make it work,right?)
On to the reviews!
ThatsencenboyXD:Thanks for reviewing! I will try to make the speech more understandable. Uh… and how do you put it in an archive? 
Guest:I will try to update often,however,I am really bad at updating things. But here it is! Thanks for reviewing!
TO:ThatsencenboyXD:Thanks for following this story!
Sorry if I missed anyone,I'm doing this on my phone,and the phone doesn't always work.
"Why?" Fitz screamed,running into Sophie's Havenfield bedroom.
Sophie barely glanced at him. She was staring at the drawing of Lady Gisela's bracelet Keefe had made for her.
"Sophie!" Fitz said,startling her.She glanced at him,then looked again.
"Keefe...? Is that-"
"SOPHIE FOSTER ARE LISTENING TO ME?" Fitz screamed at her.
"Uh...yeah?" She said,a bit taken aback. Fitz looked apologetic for only a moment,then shock melted into his face.
"Mr. Forkle wants you to see Prentice,Sophie." Della said gently from the corner. Sophie leapt to her feet,startling Fitz.
"Why...why didn't you say so?" she ran out of the room,somehow knowing where to go as her heart and brain guided her out the door and over the bend. Gone,gone,gone. Where was she going? Even she didn't know.
"Sophie!" Fitz screamed.
She didn't know why she was running. MAYBE,because this was Prentice. He had kept her hidden. She had to know why. A small knot of stony cottages in waving savanna grass stood over the bend. Funny. You'd think she would have teleported or light leaped. She shrugged.
"Sophie?" a mind jolted her out of the dream.
"Hmm?" she woke tangled in her pillows,her hair looking like Iggy had gotten to it.
"Sophie?" Edaline's soft voice came from outside her door. "Are you awake?"
"Yes." Sophie groaned.
Edaline walked in,noticing the dark purple circles around Sophie's brown eyes. "You should really try-"
"No sedatives!"
Edaline sighed.
Sophie walked over to her mirror,but instantly regretted it.
"Wow,you look horrible! I mean,you should really try eyeshadow. It-"
"Yes I know,Vertina,it worked-"
"No!" Vertina glanced at Edaline. Luckily,she wasn't paying attention. "It would bring out you wacky eyes."
Because of Sophie's upbringing,her eyes were brown,while other elves are variations of blue.
Sophie looked confused,but Vertina pointed quickly to Edaline.
"What did you want?" Sophie asked stepping away from the mirror,turning Vertina off.
Edaline looked away. "Keefe-left you a...a… message."
So there you have chapter 1! Any ideas? Comment below! And thanks for putting up with me and my late updates! I am writing chap. 2 now!
