Grace was so exited,for she was off to Hogwarts,a school for witches and wizards. She boarded the train,not knowing of the future that lay ahead of her. You see,Grace is a muggle born witch,so she has no clue about magic,except for the lame muggle card tricks and stuff.
"Can I sit hear?" She asked a pair of red hair twins,all the other compartments where full or locked
"Sure," they replied at the same time.
She sat down opposite them,not wanting to interrupt the conversation they where clearly having before she barged in. Grace sat there uncomfortably,unsure of what to do,so she sat there,pulled out her Ipod and listened to some music. Five minutes later she was interrupted by one of the twins tapping on her solder.
"What the bloody hell is that?" He asked er,awe in his blue eyes.
"Its um,ah,an ipod. You know,you play games and listen to music on it and stuff," she replied,but was only met by blank expressions. You cant be serious,Grace thought,surly wit all the magic they ave,they'd ave bloody ipods.
Shewas about to explain further,but gave up. Instead she gave gave up and stuck out her and and said,"Hi,i'm Grace Blood,and you are?"
"I'm Fred",said the one who had tapped her,"and this is George," Fred pointed to the boy leaning back opposite her. The only difference she could find abut there looks,is that Fred Had blue eyes,while his brother George had green.
"First year?" George asked er,eyeing her up and down,Grace suddenly felt very exposed and started blushing.
"Ah,yeah,my parents are muggles,so i don't know what to expect. They where quite glad that i was going to boarding school actually,'cause I've been expelled from my previous school." Grace had know idea why she told them this,but as soon as she said expelled the twins eyes lit up.
The twins looked at each other,as if they where having a silent conversation,finally they turned to Grace and said,"We'll give you the lay down. Basically we are in our second year,but we know all there is to know about Hogwarts. You have your four houses. Gryffindor,where in that house,and its the best. Next is Hufflepuff,there the nice guys. Then there is Ravenclaw,the smarty-pants. Finally Slytherin,the assholes of the school. Gryffindor hate Slytherin,and vice versa." By te time te twins had finished this,the train pulled into the stop.
"This is where we leave you,young maiden," Fred joked in a comical bow,"we do so hope you get put into Gryffindor" George said,"we need another trouble maker." With that they bounced out the door,Grace in tow behind them

Grace
