Preface
It is uncommon for me to do these forms of entries;however,I've decided it was necessary to provide the readers with some knowledge before we actually get into this series. As some readers may recollect,I had already wrote two novels with the same title. While that may be true,I have realized that the content of the chapters was subpar at best. Although I do understand that there is notable followers out there for those aforementioned stories,I've decided with minimal appraisement that I need to come out strong with a superior version of the previous stories. So,upon releasing this introduction,I'll be removing the earlier stories in favor for this new,rewritten edition.
For those of you that are new or unaware to the series,Razgaria follows the events that come after Lasky's novel:"The War of the Ember". It is important to note that my series is (obviously) alternative universe in retrospect to Lasky's other series:"Wolves of the Beyond". Even so,this series explores the possibilities of an increasingly developed owl society beyond the Great Tree of Ga'Hoole,with big emphases towards military,social,and political progression in not just one kingdom,but in all of them. Furthermore,the story will also touch upon the extinct species,called by the owls of this realm as:"The Others". The Others role in this series will be more detailed and significant within the history and main plot of the story both indirectly and directly (to what extent,is to be revealed…).
As for why I dedicated my time and effort for this story,I guess the only answer I could give you is that I don't want to see my favorite childhood series die off so quickly without giving those that are still around a chance to read some radical ideas that I had in mind. I personally would love to read new Guardian of Ga'Hoole stories that you all could come up with,but that is besides the point. Another possible reason for explaining why I decided to write this series is because I always wanted to touch upon literature in some way. For those of you that can already tell,my English is far from perfect and the only way to get better at it is by writing and seeing what you,the readers,think of this idea and its content.
While writing this series (both the its predecessor and the rewrite),I've felt amazed by how much one can imagine in such a small and simple realm such as Ga'Hoole. The possibilities are endless… what is more,the series I've created shares lessons from the real world,and ideas that are borderline fantastic in my respectful opinion. What changed me along the way of writing this,is my sense of philosophy - which has long since been dormant since my personal predicament in the real world. With that being said,this journey has been far from smooth sailing. For what it's worth,I believe that writing this will turn out for the better rather than for the worse;or,at least,that's what I'm hoping for anyway.
While I can state that most of this writing was done under my own supervision;I can point out that I had to spend countless hours doing research on many aspects for this story. While aeronautically speaking,I believe I have my credibility to go off of,but for bird flight… i can confess,it wasn't as simple as I thought it would be. Regardless,rereading the Guardians of Ga'Hoole series and my own series has been quite memorable and nostalgic. I just hope,that you all will have a similar feeling of nostalgia throughout this series like I did.
Importantly,I would like to acknowledge some special individuals that have remained loyal to me this far. First,I must thank my good lifelong friends,Larc rivereagle and Strix Phoenix for providing me with ideas and motivation to continue this series. Also,I owe it to Hyrum the Outcast for his overwhelming support of this series since the first novel,without him,I don't think I would've made it this far. In addition,I praise Ethan576,a ship nerd,and andrew872 for giving me their positive feedback,gracious support,and unique ideas that I have came to cherish from here onwards. Most importantly,I must thank all readers for at least taking their time to read my stories,it is without saying that to have at least some readers is the greatest achievement I could ever have on this site. I respect all of you,be it my friends or associates,for your patience and maturity.
That is all I must mention for the rest of this story. It is important to know that I will no longer be doing author's notes of any kind. If anyone wishes for me to continue doing these short (or long) entries before the actual story begins,then let me know,but otherwise that is my current position. The first real entry to this story will take place sometime next year (2017). I'm in no position to claim when I'll post the first chapter,but I would be willing to let the reviewers decide when I should post it. Of course,this isn't mandatory,like any other obligation. With nothing else to add,I say farewell,and hope you all will be pleased with the story!

A/N:I've decided to disregard my goal of no author notes,but,I'll try to keep them brief and to the point. As promised,I said I'll update this on by birthday. So,I hope I didn't keep you all waiting for too long. Though,I can admit,I had lost some of my experience in writing from my inactivity. With that in mind,I would hope to hear from some of you guys as to what I need to work on. Otherwise,I'll see you on the other side,and before I go,I believe it is best to ask if you all want me to respond to your reviews VIA the A/N or by PM. Up to you all,just let me know. 
The chapter should be subtle and easy-going for new and veteran readers of this series. If there is anything to address,please do so,but I must ask the veterans to not start guessing randomly as to how the plot will advance or 'what this scene may mean based off from the prior story'. Don't worry,although the rewrite is just a republished version of the prior story,it will still keep you guessing - that I promise!;)
Also to note,made some quick edits on the preface. Several errors and the sentence regarding the author notes has been changed accordingly.
To mention,although it hardly matters,I do not own the Guardians of Ga'Hoole series,though if I did,I would make several changes!
And since I got free space,may as well show you all the one gift I got from my father (translated for your convenience). I was quite touched by this small little poem,I haven't heard from my father in so long. Hope you all don't mind...
Son,
There are so many things
I want for you,
so many wishes
in my heart
as I watch you grow
into your own life...
I wish you a world
of adventure
and experience -
and also the serenity
that comes from listening
to your inner voice
as the world rushes around you...
I wish you the strength 
to face challenges with confidence -
along with the wisdom
to choose your battles carefully...
I wish you the satisfaction
of seeing your goals achieved
and also the contentment
that is born of simple things -
work well-done,
friends well-loved,
moments caught and cherished.
And my greatest wish is that
you will always remember
how much
you are loved -
for you are a good and caring person...
a man I am proud
to have for a son.Chapter OneInauspicious Nativity
In one of the many hollows present in the quiet forest,a burdened Barn Owl laid unnaturally within his nest that was filled sparsely with tattered moss;the same moss he had gathered when he first settled down in this exact hollow. Despite these conditions,the Barn Owl still found a way into slumber during these last frail hours of daylight. With his head cushioned at the edge of the nest,it could be observed that even while he was asleep,something weighed down heavily upon him. His body would jolt unsettlingly at times,sudden outburst of gibbering monologues also spilled out of the Barn Owl's beak. Distraught,even in his own sleep,this wasn't uncommon for him,and he was quite aware of the reason for this discomfort.
His appearance seemed to hint at this unexplained affliction:discolored,burnt breast feathers were all that remained of his once smooth and milky white feathers that were natural to a Barn Owl of his age. A long,frighteningly visible scar ran down the leftmost portion of his neck;notwithstanding,it was only one of the many different mutilations created all across his body. Clearly,these wounds appeared to be inflicted by another perpetrator. Some wounds were predictably aged to his early adulthood,where one would expect. Contradictingly,other scars appear to have been inflicted rather recently,leaving one to guess what exactly had happened during the previous nights.
"Da . . . ?" a young,feminine voice called out to him,"Da . . . ? Da!" The increase in urgency from the peremptory voice was enough to get the older Barn Owl out of his outlandish state. Slowly,his eyes opened to grasp his surroundings,and his body stirred more actively.
He emitted a leaden groan,before asking languorously to the younger Barn Owl,"Hmm . . . what is it,dear?"
"Nothing,I—well,I thought I heard the egg cracking a moment ago. Maybe it was nothing—"
Her explanation was interrupted when a sharp,snapping sound filled the hollow,causing the two to jolt in surprise. The father's initial instinct led his talons to grab a concealed dagger from under his nest,readying it for any possible aggressors that may try to enter the hollow. His eyes narrowed,while the daughter remained stiff and unmoving,not willing to make a sound as they both scanned actively with their heads to detect any additional sounds. Despite the father's astounding age,his anxiety crippled his efforts in composing himself,it was all too much to bear,especially if it was the very threat he had dreaded over for the past couple of moon cycles.
At last,another cracking sound filled the hollow,this time traced and identified. A sigh of relief flooded the hollow,as the two now realized that it was actually the egg that had caught their attention. As it stood now,the daughter's prior suspicions were now proven correct. With the possibility of a threat halved,the father lowered his guard,and carefully hid the dagger back under his nest. Even with the situation cleared,however,the father hardly had the chance to relax his already edgy mood. Carefully,he stood up off his nest,and looked around the hollow,recollecting its possessions.
Having been his first hollow when he was an owlet,the hollow had decayed since he was gone. Spacious and manageable,the hollow as filled with items the father had gathered since he had left the hollow upon growing up. Books of all kinds piled up in the back corner of the hollow,most of which have remained untouched since they had arrived here,gathering dust from their lack of usage. The father's nest laid to the right of the hollow entrance,and beside the nest,near the wall of the hollow,resided worn battleclaws and a dented helmet that also remained unused since its arrival. Other ambiguities in the hollow were scattered and unnoteworthy,besides of course his daughter's own nest and also the nest the egg resided in. In all,the hollow was everything the father could ask for,and he couldn't be happier living in it.
His attention quickly switched back to his daughter,who now stood in front of him. Her effervesce over the egg radiated over to her father,forcing a reply.
"Why yes,Petunia," The father answered finally,"that is indeed the egg,and your little sibling will be hatched soon." His eyes fell upon her,he couldn't help but notice how much she looked like her mother;but,he refused to acknowledge the thought. To him,this resemblances was more of a curse rather than a blessing.
Upon hearing this,Petunia squealed in excitement,awaking another individual in the hollow. She began literally hopping around the hollow,yelling childishly,"I will be having a little brother or sister with me soon!"
The father chuckled perfunctorily and replied halfheartedly,"Yes,your sibling will be out soon—" his voice suddenly dropped off,clearly in uncertainty as to what to say or add. Petunia was quick to catch on to this unusual behavior.
"Hey da,what's the matter? You seem awfully down about your owlet being hatched tonight;does it have to do with something about mum?"
Her question sent shockwaves across her father's body,he nearly went yeep(1) just from hearing his daughter ask that. Trying to gather up an answer was an even more punishing task,which led to him becoming unresponsive. Trapped in his own nightmare,the mere thought of his mate was enough to trigger a desiccating spell towards the outside world. His composure would've been compromised had it not been for a timely intervention from the other individual in the hollow.
"Oh,your father is just fine,he's just exhausted from all the time he spent preparing for this moment… isn't that so,Cedar?"
Petunia's now alerted gaze quickly fell upon the decrepit individual,who was a half-blind,male flying snake. Like the father,whose name has been revealed to be Cedar,the snake has a slash mark visibly inflicted across its right eye. Its appearance had been frightening to Petunia at first,but since they had first met,she has grown used to his fractured appearance,much like her father's own injuries. What has also interested Petunia was where exactly did her father meet up with this flying snake in particular,as she had asked many times before,but never got an answer for reasons unknown to her.
This,also,wasn't uncommon to her. Her father tended to be rather… elusive,towards most of her questions. The only consistent response she would get out of her father was,"I'll tell you when you're older."
Other times,he would just blank out,like he just did now. These occurrences,while rare,still disturbed her enough to worry for her father's well-being. He would never seem to remember these blackout moments,almost as if it was a gap in time for Cedar. Petunia found this especially alarming,but was cautious and wary enough as to not bother him while he was in this state. She had learned from the first time that her father can act—rather aggressive—if bothered while he was in this state.
After a moment of recovering,Cedar began recollecting where he was,and what was happening exactly. Knowing his pal had looked out for him,he gave a small nod towards the snake,before responding to the question.
"Ah,I would believe you are right,Stinger. This new hollow has been rather hard to get used to,compared to the one back at our prior home."
Petunia recalled something,and chirped in,"Dad,isn't this where you were born? Here,in the Kingdom of Tyto?"
He paused,before replying,"I suppose so,but I don't truly consider this my destined birthplace..."
For the past couple of moon cycles,they had made refuge in the land known as the Kingdom of Tyto. A dense,temperate forest filled with a variety of fir trees;the region is also elevated to many degrees with mountains and depressions all across the kingdom. With navigation made easy by the numerous river systems along the southwestern border,it is a common destination for owls to cross into,should they have the ability to do so. Since the kingdom's establishment of its own sovereignty,it has began to crack down on these border crossings across its western border,seeing them as disruptive intrusion into lands that officially remain controlled by the ruling establishment.
The only reason why Cedar was exempted from this law was because he was a Barn Owl that was bringing along an owlet and a unhatched egg,both of which happened to be Barn Owls. Cedar,knowing his birth state well,found a gap in this policy of closed borders.
The Kingdom of Tyto has had a long standing issue of deprived population growth,rooting back during the War of the Ember that had occurred many years ago. Many Tytos had joined up with the Pure Ones cause and died fighting at the Sacred Rings in the Beyond. Since then,the region has resorted to institutional repopulation programs,many of which involve allowing fellow Barn Owls from other states to be accepted into the kingdom—if,the parents accept being assimilated into the society and agrees to not leaving the Kingdom of Tyto until their hatchlings have grown to maturity (to ensure that the owlets could have the ability to choose which nationality they belong to.). Should Cedar,for example,try to leave the region before his hatchlings have reached maturity,then the state would take them away from him,and send the owlets to a new family that is willing to take care of them.
Of course,this is a hard crime to prove,but Cedar knows a thing or two about his old home… one of which being that they're always watching them… always.
A few uneventful minutes passed by,as the family patiently waited for the egg to make a sudden movement again. Petunia easily got distracted with her owlpoppen(2) named "Celia",a gift from her mother to act as an emotional attachment—or distraction—for Petunia's early childhood. Unknowingly to Petunia,the owlpoppen was a proposed idea by her mother to give her someone to talk to,as her social life would've been—for the lack of better words—limited. With the mother out of the picture,Cedar weighed heavily between getting rid of it,or allowing Petunia to keep it. His decision was stalled,until he came up with a conclusion regarding the unhatched egg. In light of his decision,he decided that Petunia would be more sociable with a little sibling,rather than a small collection of feathers...
Though,in either case,Cedar still had to see the results from his prior history with his mate… something that cannot be undone—or to the very least,not the way he had planned for it to be.
Stinger slid up beside him cautiously,before starting up a conversation with Cedar,"So,it's really happening,eh?"
Cedar looked at him nonchalantly,before sighing in bitterness,"I made an oath to Glaux that night,to see through what I've created… to answer the mistakes I've made in the past—in hopes of making a brighter future for everyone. I just hope—"
His voice fell silent again,dread filled his veins as he now looked at the egg that was slowly preparing itself for the inevitable revelation. Cedar piped up again,continuing where he left off.
"—I hope that,well,he does what's right when he grows up and… doesn't commit himself to the same mistakes I've done in my lifetime."
"What makes you so sure that 'he' is a boy,if I may ask?" Stinger inquired.
"Oh," Cedar chuckled,"I have a good feeling in my gizzard that this one will be a male;but,what do I know? I was never meant to be a parent and this is my first brood! Thank Glaux it will be my last."
Stinger offered a light-hearted laugh,before adding,"Yeah,without me you would've gone yoicks(3)!"
They both joined in on the laughter,before it slowly began to die down. The same regretful atmosphere settled down on the two,causing Cedar to sigh heavily again and state,"Sometimes,I wonder to myself every night if I made the right decision. I know,I made the promise to Glaux not to reconsider,but… I don't know… perhaps it's not in my best nature to think about these sorts of things. But,what would you do in this situation,Stinger,if you knew the owlet could change the world for better or for worse?"
Silence overtook the hollow,before Stinger answered pensively,"I believe everyone should be given a chance,the rest,is up to Glaux to decide."
Then,a crack pierced through the hollow,causing everyone to remain alert for another sound. Another,consistent snap filled the ear silts of the two Barn Owls in the hollow. They all knew,this was it… and in no time,the owlet was to be born in a new world. Cedar's heart pounded in his chest,there was no shree of excitement,or gasp of anticipation. No,this event was nerve-wrecking for Cedar,and every crack in the egg shell was another lost opportunity to change the current course they were heading. These last view moments were amplified by another,frightening confirmation…
Glancing out of the hollow briefly,the sun had fallen below the horizon and the sky remained cloudless as the darkness secure its hold in the coming hours. To his shock,however,the moon had a reddish tint as it hung high in the young night that presided over them. The blood moon,was enough to confirm the theory,and stop him in his tracks.
He muttered in disbelief "S—she was right…"
As he paced back into the hollow,the moon light of the blood moon began to fade,and lose its intensity in a cloudless sky…
It all happened at once,Cedar was too distracted to even make any sense to his daughter's joyous shrieks and Stinger's own aweing. A part of the egg was broken into small fractions,and a small featherless owlet emerged from the remains of the egg. Too weak to stand,it collapsed feeble on the hollow floor,and the family remained silent due to their attentive observance;they just couldn't believe their eyes,especially Cedar.
It was a boy…
Too awestruck and fixated on the newborn to make any immediate reaction,the first notable response came from Stinger,who looked out of the hollow entrance momentarily,before quickly bringing up the seemingly most imperative task at the time.
"Should we follow the traditions,and name him—"
Cedar cut him off sternly,nothing but solid commands came out of his beak,"No,his name will not bear such formalities—not until he is ready. We must conceal his identity,to ensure that no one will know what he is capable of. This isn't just for his safety,but for ours as well."
Petunia stared curiously at her father,a question already was boiling on her beak. Cedar had sensed this,and he was now confronted with a serious obstacle. He knew this life of secrecy couldn't go on forever,not now… his daughter was almost old enough to begin branching. In his mind,she was ready for the responsibility they now faced. The new reality was now apparent,Cedar realized,as this was now the most important task he had ever faced in his lifetime. The owlet's very existence now,was inadvertently dangerous,to everyone.
To reflect this fact,Cedar felt it was best to name the owlet based off the most dangerous creature he had encountered. In his experience,the worst animals he had encountered were the Bald Eagles and flying snakes,both of which were native to the Kingdom of Ambala. However,one creature he had yet to encounter resides in the territory slightly to the north of the Kingdom of Tyto. Typically unmentioned,but deadly… many owls that happen to be near it don't even know what attacked them until it is too late. Stealth and quick,the creature was adaptable to any situation,and is not a hazard until close to its prey.
The creature offered a perfect analogy for the owlet in question,as they both were extremely harmful to anything near them. The only difference was one of them had the intention to attack,the other did not,and was only a threat not because he would physically attack,but because others would should they discover his identity. A characteristic,like the wild creature's lust to kill,the owlet couldn't simply ignore.
"So," the father announced slowly,ignoring the mounting curiosity presented by the others in the hollow,"from this night forth,his name shall be,Lynx. And he shall be raised exclusively by all of us,Glaux willing,he'll grow up to be kind and strong… like you,Petunia."
Petunia smiled modestly from the complement,temporarily forgetting about the unexplained importance of the owlet. Cedar slowly approached the frail owlet,before welcoming gently.
"Welcome to the Kingdom of Tyto,Lynx."
(1):Yeep:A state in which an owl experiences from sudden fear or shock,resulting in the wings being locked in a fixed position - even in mid-flight.
(2):Owlpoppen:An owl doll made out of feathers from a parent or from some other owl. Some owlpoppens are simple patch of feathers,others are more detailed for more specialized purposes.
(3):Yoicks:Crazy,out of one's mind,insane.
P.S:Can anyone find the reference to Shakespeare?

A/N:Well,took me long enough,didn't it? I'm truthfully sorry I didn't update this sooner,I can blame this on the nasty writer's block I had when worrying about my writing quality and trying to make it "sufficient". On the bright side,there was some stories to read to help bolster my resolve,but I still fear my writing is far from satisfactory. Anyway,I must say,I am honestly surprised to see so many people review - it makes me happy to see that you all can provide feedback and support for me (I wish I could make it up to you all for my inactivity,but I've been too busy to come up with anything). When I get the chance,I'll respond to all the reviewers formally,so be on the look out for a message. And again,thank you all for your generous reviews! You really don't know how glad I am to see that my story at least has some worth!
Now,despite my tiredness,I'll leave off by saying I hope you enjoy this chapter. I'll do what I can to make my updates more consistent (I just need to get over my paranoia;as I forgot how difficult writing was...). So let me know if there is any mistakes or if you have any suggestions to make my life easier!Chapter TwoA Feather in the Wind
Following the historic hatching of the Barn Owl moons ago,life had proceeded in a casual,but precarious manner. The dry wintery winds had blown into the region just days after the hatching,seemingly welcoming the owlet into a cold and silent world,where they lived in the darkness of night. The evergreen fir trees of the region did not lose their leaves to the seasonal change,making it hardly noticeable it was winter time so soon. But,what had been apparent was the sudden shortage of food,which was common during times like these.
Thankfully,Cedar had planned for this ahead of time,and chose a hunting ground that he knew wasn't used by the kingdom for feeding its people. The prey was abundant in these areas and there was a clear lack of predators;it was only best to use this abundance to his advantage,for he could trade the extra prey he caught for goods that would prove to be useful in the coming moons. Also,the value of food skyrocketed during this season,of course,due to its rarity and necessity to all owls alike.
Cedar's home hadn't changed much after he had first left it,much of what he recalled was still in place. Most of the communities were to the east,with barely anyone living on the borders between Ambala and Tyto - besides a couple of refugees or outsiders. The people were friendly,but always in a state of caution,every word exchanged was done so with a conscious restraint,worrying that the next phrase they make will be the last one they'll ever say. Cedar himself wasn't openly social,only speaking for when he had to,or to ask a question about where the nearest marketplace was. These instances of dialogue,however,allowed him to learn of some rumors going around in the region.
The one thing that sticks out about the Kingdom of Tyto over the other kingdoms was how quickly rumors spread compared to similarly established societies. The power of the Barn Owl's facial disk is the biggest contributor to this anomaly,for if something is said,everyone in the area would be the first to know about it. Whether or not the rumor is credible,however,is a different story. For - as one can imagine - rumors are about as equally true as legends;but one can argue that even certain legends can be true...
The rumor,as of late,that has been spread was that the ruling party of Tyto was beginning to make plans to repopulate Tyto's western border that connects with Ambala. The reason given for this was that the danger posed by the Ambalians had seemed to decline in the recent years,and it was now safe enough to begin occupying the land for use of the people of Tyto. The troubling part about this was,that the purpose of the region had not been decided yet. Some say that,after the land had been run dry of food and precious metals,that they would stage an intentional wildfire to gather badly needed embers from. This notion,however,was quickly questioned due to concerns over how the Ambalians would respond to such a fire that could very well spread across the border.
Many digress,including Cedar,for he was in no position to worry about such a far-fetched possibility. He,at the time,had more pressing matters to attend to…
The young Barn Owl named Lynx had gathered up strength overtime and soon he was able to walk,and not much later - speak. During this period,Cedar observed that compared to Petunia,Lynx's growth was far quicker than her in the same timespan. At this rate,the young Barn Owl would be able fly sooner than sixty six nights - which was the gold standard for when a normal Barn Owl could fly rather than glide off a branch. With Lynx's feathers already coming in only at the age of twenty two nights old,Cedar could only guess that it would only be another ten nights before he could start branching - then,who knows? But,while one would assume that this would be a short-lived childhood;for Cedar,it felt like his entire life was spent on nothing but care and devotion for the safety and well-being of his newborn owlet.
Cedar's tender care for Lynx wasn't actually driven by love or sympathy,but fear… fear of the owlet going rogue and radical. Cedar wasn't going to let this owlet grow into a monster,he only wanted to see Lynx act upon the better good of society.
From what perspective the good would be done,however,was perhaps the most unsettling thought his gizzard or mind could digest…
This issue would linger in Cedar's head for nights to come,but he was again,too preoccupied with parenting to actually pay much attention to his twisted emotions and opinions. For the first couple of nights had proven to be rather hectic,compared to the present situation they were in now.
The fact that Cedar had to reveal his secrets to Petunia was worrisome,but necessary. Cedar was in no condition to take care of Lynx all by himself,and even with Petunia's help,he still had to look after the young,weak hatchling for the remainder of its time in this helpless state. Around the clock,they had to keep a close eye on Lynx,and fortunately,Stinger was able to help keep watch during the day while Cedar and Petunia could sleep. This proved to be a tiresome process for all of them,but it the end it payed off,as Lynx finally was able to support himself and move around. Eyes open for the first time,the young Lynx quickly attached to his older sister,and the two got along quite well for what it was worth. All the more,this proved to be a reliever for Cedar - for when he was taking care of Petunia while she was of this age,all of her attention was towards him,and this meant that Cedar had to look after her for most of the day.
Though,that was during a different time… for he had his mate to help him take care of her…
With free time on his talons,Cedar quickly began searching for pastime activities to help lessen the stress he was experience. Soon,he came across a book in a marketplace in the deeper parts of the Kingdom of Tyto. This book was of "Other" origins (and was properly translated for reproduction),and it was divided into multiple segments labeled with the name of an individual and a particular set of numbers. Using the extra caught prey he had available,he quickly got ahold of the book and quickly aspired to read it - hoping that it would prove to be a good distraction to remedy his deteriorating mental stability. Once reading,his expectations for the book were quickly proven to be underestimated,and he found himself becoming attached to the story that resembled a kind of legend,one of which the "Others" seemed to embrace as the divine ruler and creator of all things. He came to find out that this book was about what the humans perceived to be their "Glaux" and how a particular prophet was resurrected from the dead. Cedar found the story to be well-written for a legend,but he hated how there seemed to be many holes in the story - or parts of which he just simply couldn't understand.
He would go on to draw inspiration from the book in a symbolic way,seeing his son as one of the many "disciples" to come. Cedar,after a period of time,decided that the best name to give Lynx was Bartholomew;however,after consulting with the rest of them,he decided to refer to the owlet as Lynx for most occasions. The owlet seemed to accept either name,but he himself also prefered Lynx,for obvious reasons.
Lynx's bond with the family quickly showed as he got older. He and his sister Petunia would play games and talk remotely about the world around them and what fascinated them. Eventually,Lynx got close to his father as well,and quickly got hooked to the stories he would tell him. About every day at first light,Lynx would ask for his dad to tell him a story,and Cedar would comply - grudgingly,but willingly with the request. It was here that Cedar's instability began to show,but only Petunia noticed this fusing disorder. Cedar's condition would slowly worsen over the coming nights,hallucinations and antisocial behavior became a common occurrence. Yet,Cedar still told the stories - but at the time,that was all what they were - stories...
As for Stinger the flying snake,Lynx had a spark of curiosity and instigated several conversations. Most of which were questions directed at Stinger in particular or about his respective family members - most responses were muted,to the confusion of Lynx,but at such an age,he hardly noticed this and continued on with his childhood with an openly insouciant approach. But even the battered old snake could tell that the real issue wasn't Lynx and his "purpose",it was actually Cedar who was to be worried over. Slowly,Stinger began to distance himself away from both Cedar and Lynx,only leaving him with Petunia to remain close to him.
Nights passed uneventfully,that was,until Lynx finally uncovered how to read. Petunia had finally grown her flight feathers at around the same time and was able to begin branching. Her views to the world were still malleable,but a touch of reality began to hit her,as she now understood the situation with Lynx and the world. No sooner after she had taken her first flight without the assistance of a branch (marking she was ready to leave the hollow),there would be a sudden rift between her and her father over Lynx. It was at this point,where Lynx began to finally take notice to matters in life.
It was early dusk on this particular day,the skies outside were whispering for attention,seeking for anyone to dance to the rhythm of the wind. This was seemingly the first day that Lynx had started to take a stance on things,the first day he would actually start paying attention to matters;studying the world and its details with unvanquished inquisitiveness. For the first time in his life,he finally felt alive and sentient - the memories of days pass seemed to hardly incite him to careful thought. Now,the best feeling he could describe his life now was:peculiar,or perhaps inscrutable,like trying to understand how wind was created,it seems to just "happen",with or without consent of a living being.
That was how his life felt right now:like a gust of wind,carrying a molten feather to some far away land that he could only imagine. He wondered if,like the feather,if he would ever go somewhere only the wind could take him… of course,such a possibility was hard to predict in such an early point of his life.
It was apparent that the mood in the hollow was stiff and growingly pugnacious. It was only a few moments later when a particular argument erupted once Petunia expressed her opinion over Lynx. Something that Cedar was shocked to hear,and Lynx was unable to understand…
"What!?" Cedar shrieked,aghast from what he had just heard come from Petunia's beak.
"Well… it only seems fair to me that Lynx knows of his powers,we can't simply hide that fact from him for any longer! Whose right is it to hide this information from him?"
Cedar's eyes twitched,of all people,his daughter was going to be the one to question him. For nights he had thought that she would understand the importance of hiding this information from Lynx. Apparently,she and him were on completely different pages. He feared as to what the full extent of his daughter's ideas were,for this was exactly what Cedar had wanted to avoid.
Lynx himself was already thrown against the wall in confusion. Despite some early critical thoughts,he still was too obscured to the world to understand the situation that was centered upon him. Ironically,the only thing he did notice about his sister was how much she had grown since he had first saw her:mature flight feathers on the tip of her wings,a fluffy white feathery front,her expression was keen and determined. Only confidence showed on her face when confronting her father,something Lynx had never seen her do before.
"We've been through this Petunia,don't you realize how dangerous it is for him to know of this? We're doing this for his and our own safety…"
Petunia was not satisfied to hear this response,and quickly drew out a controversial point.
"You were never going to give your son the ability to choose his own path,were you?"
Suddenly,the father quickly looked at Stinger.
"Give us a minute,I need to have a "grown-up" talk real quick with Petunia,and we'll be quick about this…"
With the instructions,Stinger quickly guided Lynx outside of the hollow,and to the branches. While the conversation interested him,he still hardly understood what it was about. He did not contemplate about the fact either,as Stinger quickly directed his Lynx's attention to the sky - where several Barn Owls were flying in dizzying loops and turns. Something Lynx would come to admire in the near future. From this point on,he would forever be fascinated by flight and his dream of flying would only be fueled by this developed passion. His quickly diverted attention to the sky,clouded the vocal argument in the background - where a storm of rhetoric and disagreement was brewing… while his eyes were fixated to the sky,he could still make out the words with his ears.
Moments had passed since the triggering comment was made. Cedar mustered his thoughts,then spat them at his disagreeing daughter.
"Perhaps you're forgetting who brought him to this world,for I did. If it wasn't for me,he wouldn't be around,and I would've ended this threat altogether if I had it my way."
Petunia blinked,her confident facial expression now slowly turned into a bewildered one,as she now puzzled together what her father's true intention was,"What are you trying to say? You had — considered,to kill him just because he was born with a special power!?"
Cedar remained silent,only staring into his daughter's eyes,seemingly answering the question for her.
"Oh my Glaux," she muttered incomprehensibly from the lamentable realization,"Oh my Glaux,you had planned for it — why!?" She shrieked,her expression twisted painfully once she heard the answer.
"Sometimes in life you have to make hard choices,you're too young to understand…" He answered vaguely,only inciting Petenia to confront him further.
"That doesn't answer my question dad!"
Then what will!?" He shot back at her,frustrated by her persistent inquiry. "I thought you would be capable of understanding the seriousness of this unprecedented event,to let such a owl with so much power run freely without the proper values is dangerous and a threat. For the betterment of owl civilization,something of his must be sacrificed for the better good,we can't risk it otherwise…"
Putenia just couldn't believe what she was hearing,this wasn't the soft-hearted father she knew. This was against everything she had believed in,she no longer believed her father was sane. To her,she concluded,it wasn't Lynx who was the real threat - it was her father. She could now only fear what her father had truly planned to with Lynx,for it wasn't anything like she had hoped for. With this new outlook towards her father,her voice spiked up,and her stance turned increasingly hostile…
"You're yoicks! You view my little brother as a tool for society,not as a living being! What is wrong with you?" She began to approach him aggressively,"This must have something to do with my mum,if she was here,she would challenge you too. And at this point,I really want my mother to for us rather than you!"
Suddenly,she had took a step too far,and Cedar reacted violently. Emitting a deafening screech,Cedar lashed out at his daughter and knocked her down. Yelping in surprise and shock,Petunia didn't have time to react while on the ground to the now slashing talons of her father's right claw. But,before they made impact across her young face,he hesitated - realizing what he has almost done to his own daughter. He slowly recovered from the mindless fury,and drew away his extended claw slowly. Petunia's eyes remained wide open,shell-shocked by the actions taken by her own father.
She would never forget this…
Now faced with a new reality,Cedar knew things had to change,he couldn't deal with this every night in his current condition. He also couldn't have her challenging his every move regarding Lynx,something he had wished wouldn't occur until Lynx was old enough to handle the truth. Before,he had to make a difficult choice as to what to do with his mate;now,he must figure out what to do with his own daughter. He knew,there was only one thing he could do to ensure Lynx's future was safe and secure…
With Petunia still lying on the ground in fear,Cedar leaned closer to her ear silt,and whispered coldly.
"It is time for you to go your separate ways from our hollow,you're now able to fly and start a new life somewhere else — but not here… I want you out of our hollow by sunrise,no exceptions…"
Petunia slowly got up,a harsh feeling of abandonment hit her hard,she looked at her father with tearful,pleading eyes,but this did not falter him one bit. She opened her beak to speak,only to close it,as there was nothing she could say to change anything. She almost considered resisting him,but she knew little would come out of it. She looked out of the hollow opening,the sight of a frightful Lynx filled her view,she only felt utmost sorrow that there wasn't anything she could do to help him. It was then,that Petunia vowed that despite her father's request,she would see to it that Lynx is freed from this mistreatment.
Lynx,confused and startled,could only make out from Petunia's expression:"I'll be back for you…"~ ~ ~{-}~ ~ ~
With the departure of Petunia,what was left of the family now began to settle down for rest. For Lynx,sleeping wasn't the same without Petunia to comfort him,he felt alone... The hollow was unusually cold despite the sunrise,and Lynx simply couldn't force himself to sleep. Cedar seemed to have somehow known this,for he too,could not sleep - especially with his son in such a shape. He felt regretful for kicking his daughter out of the hollow,but it had to be done. He just hoped,that someday she would thank him for helping her up to this point…
"Da?" Lynx called out involuntarily,not knowing if his father was awake or not.
"Yes son?" He replied politely.
"Will we ever see Petunia again?" Lynx asked uneasily.
A brief silence filled the hollow,before Cedar responded placidly,"Maybe,maybe not…"
There was silence again,Lynx slowly readjusted himself in the nest to get more comfortable. The prior response seemed to linger in the air for a moment,before Lynx looked to where his father slept and said.
"Can you tell me another story? I think that will help me sleep."
Cedar chuckled wearily,before slowly getting up off his nest and walking over to where Lynx laid. There,Cedar looked at Lynx,and saw the curiosity sparkle in his eyes. Cedar couldn't help but think that if there was one thing that would stay with Lynx throughout the rest of his life,it would be these stories - and these stories alone. For the past couple nights since he started this routine,he had only told folktales,legends,and sometimes an occasional passage from a book Cedar was reading. But on this day,Cedar wanted to at least start shedding some of the truth - starting with his dark past…
Cedar looked over at his battleclaws and armor,always laying pretentiously there for nothing but a grim reminder of his own history. His eyes weren't focused on the metallic items,no,they fell upon an emblematic red ribbon - an item he hasn't seen in moons. The resurgence of the ribbon triggered a sudden flashback,voices in his head began to speak again like they had before,he could vividly see what he had saw about a year ago. Something he had long strived to set behind him,only to have voices of the past speak out to him…
"There is no Ga' in a hireclaw,they already sold their souls to those who only seek death and destruction rather than serving those to protect their loved ones . . ."
". . . It's The Ribbon!" 
"You would rather die as a rebel than fight for the better cause!? You are the definition of . . ."
"There will be no boundaries or borders to stop us soon,we will rise from the darkness,and we will have our revenge! You have my word for it — "
"Da?"
Cedar finally snapped out of his trance,quickly noticing that he had blacked out and grabbed his helmet. Studying it,he found the mysterious loop symbol that was engraved in the front of his helmet since he first received it. Following the loop with his talon,he finally looked back to his son and asked.
"Have I ever told you the story about the Barn Owl hireclaw?"
