Hello,this is my first Bridget Jones' Diary fic. This has been previously published on my blog with different character names. It's my take on the ending scene in the first movie when Mark read Bridget's diary and stormed out. Enjoy and reviews make my day and flames make me sad.
Slamming the diary down,he stormed out of her apartment. How could she write such a thing about me? He mentally seethed. Mark Darcy is a passionate man. He would do anything for his friends and family if they asked him to. He was shocked that the woman that he has been secretly loving wrote about him the way she did in her diary.
Uh...Marky-boy. You were the one that read the thing. That's an invasion of privacy,you know. Mark's mind chimed in. It was wide open,what was I supposed to do? Look away? Mark reasoned with his mind. Yes! You bloody look away! Could you BE anymore dense,Marky-boy? Mark's mind ranted on,channeling its inner Chandler Bing. What if she caught you reading it? How are you going to explain it to her,hmm? That you just happened to see the diary opened on the table and decided to do some light reading? Mark's mind lectured.
Mark walked down the street,thinking about what to do to remedy the situation. "I could get her a new diary. New diary,new start." Mark said to himself. Or you could go back to her place,apologize for reading her diary and let her explain why she wrote what she wrote. Mark's mind reasoned. Mark then stopped in his tracks,turned around and headed back to Bridget's apartment.
He rang her building's doorbell,hoping that she will buzz him in. He waited for a few moments before a static "Yes?" came on the intercom. "Hello,Bridget. It's Mark. I apologize for leaving so suddenly. Could I come up,please?" Mark asked,a hint of hope in his voice. A loud buzz sounded as the front door unlocked. Mark then went inside and made his way up to Bridget's apartment. He then knocked on the door and waited with bated breath for Bridget to open it.
Inside,Bridget came out of her room and went to open the door when she saw that her diary was open. The blonde then put two and two together and stood in front of her door,making no move to open it. "What do you want,Mark?" Bridget said through the door. "I want to talk to you," Mark said. "I have nothing to say to you. I know that you read my diary." Bridget said.
Damn it! She figured it out! Mark thought as regret and shame filled his heart. Of course,she would find out. She isn't stupid. Mark's mind said. Taking a deep breath,Mark said,"Bridget,I'm sorry for reading your diary. I know I shouldn't have,but I can't help it. You know how I am around books." Bridget tried to stay angry,but couldn't after hearing Mark's apology. "Did you read what I wrote about you?" Bridget asked in a small voice. "Yes. I did." Mark said equally quiet.
"I only wrote what I wrote because I was angry. I thought that you were this stuck-up jerk who always had to be right about everything. That your way is the best way." Bridget explained. "Now I know that you're not that kind of guy,and I'm sorry that you had to read that,but it's just a diary," Bridget said.
Unbeknownst to Bridget,Mark had a loving look on his face. "Can you let me in now?" Mark asked. Bridget unlocked her door and opened it,revealing Mark standing in front of her. He opened his arms,and she threw herself at him,grateful that things were alright between the two of them. Mark then put a hand on Bridget's cheek and slowly bent down to kiss her like he always dreamed. Bridget kissed him back,content that they have found each other.
Fin.
