We pulled up outside the one-storey green-coloured building with its large windows bordered with a cream-colour. It looked exactly the same as the photographs,right down to the long driveway leaving to a garage round the side of the house. Simon pulled the car up the driveway,past the small garden,and he turned off the car.
'Well here we are. Time for a fresh start.' He said with a smile as he turned to face me. I got out of the car,warily,and the heat and humidity surrounded me,reminding me that we were no longer in England. Far from it. The sun shined overhead in the clear blue sky and the city air was sticky,my jeans sticking to my sweaty legs.
Sally appeared behind me and squeezed my shoulder. 'Are you okay sweetie?'
I wasn't sure. Everything seemed to have happened so fast. Sally and Simon,my adoptive parents,had looked after me since I was ten years old. I'd been in care for two years previously and before that... well,truthfully,I had no idea. I had no memories of my mother or father or anything else. I knew social services had taken me in after I'd been found alone at a service station,but that was it. They'd called me Janet,as I had no memory of my name,and then Sally and Simon had let me choose a name when I'd been adopted eight years previously. I'd chosen the name Sky,because I liked it and it matched my large,blue eyes. I hadn't realised at the time though that Sky Bright,my name,would be subject to bullying from my peers. Why hadn't Sally and Simon warned me?
On my eighteenth birthday,which I'd spent at home,unlike the other girls from my college (who had gone out drinking),Simon announced that the art company he worked for had a new vacancy. The money was better and so were the opportunities;he had a chance to work his way up through the company. But there had been a catch. The job was in the city of Los Angeles,USA. My University applications were changed and suddenly I was having to apply for universities in California. Thankfully,I'd been accepted at the University of California (UCLA) and I was all set to major in Music.
I snapped back to reality. 'I'm fine.' I replied,but I knew from her face that Sally didn't believe me. She didn't push me. Instead,she took my arm and we followed Simon into the house.
He'd flown out three weeks previously,making sure that the house was ready to move into. We walked in through the porch and into a living area with wooden flooring and cream walls. Our new corner sofa sat there comfortably,some of Sally's artwork on the wall and some pictures from our house back in England. Through an archway there was a dining table for six and then another archway led to the kitchen with its mahoghany and granite counters and some french doors overlooking the small garden and patio. The house had three bedrooms,one of which had been turned into a guest room and office space for my parents. They had the largest bedroom,with the ensuite,but mine had windows facing the garden. It was an average size,a little bigger than the bedroom I'd had back home;the walls were painted a light blue,the carpet cream. There was a queen-sized bed with a grey headboard,a white and blue floral duvet on top with various cushions to make it more homely. My guitar sat in the corner of the room,waiting for me,and there was a white wardrobe probably too big for my belongings with a dresser and a white desk. Simon had tried to make it as much like my home in England as he could.
'I hope it's okay,sweetie.' He said from behind me. 'I know you won't be spending much time here when college starts next week,but your room will always be here for you.'
I turned to face him and I gave him a hug. 'Thank you.'
The next week went by quickly and soon it was the day before I was all-set to move into my college dorm. I zipped up my suitcase,finished with my packing,and followed the sound of Sally's voice calling me. In the kitchen,dinner was ready and the air was filled with the scent of our take-out pizza. I sucked in a breath,almost tasting the pepperoni,as I grabbed a plate. My eyes flicked across the room to the television,where the entertainment news was on.
'Taylor Swift and Calvin Harris have been enjoying their first holiday together and the photographs are definite relationship goals.' The women said in her southern American accent. A picture of Taylor Swift appeared on the screen and Simon sighed.
'There's just no privacy,is there?'
'Nope.' I replied,grabbing some slices and putting them onto my plate. I sat down at the dining table in a seat where I could still watch television.
'Meanwhile,Zed Benedict has been spotted partying on the arms of two Victoria's Secret Angels this week after announcing that filming for his new action film,Riot! ,had wrapped.' A picture of the culprit,the eighteen-year-old actor with brown hair,bluey-green eyes and his usual brooding expression (AN:Grant Gustin),appeared on the screen,followed by one of him taken by paparazzi,his arms draped across the girls wearing next to nothing.
'That boy.' Sally tutted. 'It rarely turns out well for child actors,does it?'
I nodded in agreement as I looked at the screen. Sierra,my best and only friend back in England,had loved Zed Benedict and his movies. She'd had posters of him topless on her wall,ones where his deep eyes seemed to just follow you around the room. She knew almost everything about him too and regularly filled me in on whatever he was up to;who he was dating,which movies he'd been in,which awards he'd won...
'Are you excited about tomorrow?' Simon asked and he switched off the television,making me groan. 'You shouldn't watch that stuff. It's all rubbish.'
'But how else will I be up-to-date with celebrity gossip without Sierra?' I tried and he shook his head.
'We're in Los Angeles,sweetie. I'm sure there are many other sources you can get your gossip from.'
Sierra had thought it was awesome that I was moving to LA. She was sure that I'd be living next to wannabe actors and that I'd run into someone ridiculously famous when I went for a run or for groceries. Yeah right.
'So tomorrow?' Sally said,verbally nudging me.
'It should be okay,I guess.' I replied,picking up a slice of pizza. My stomach jittered with nerves but I knew I needed to eat. I took a bite and realised Sally and Simon were giving me one of their sympathetic,apologetic looks. 'What?'
'I'm sorry we did this to you,sweetie. I know you were looking forward to going to the University of London.' Sally's brow furrowed.
'It'll be fine.' I told her. 'I might even get my first ever tan.' I joked,trying to lighten the mood. She gave a small smile and it was clear she was worried about me.
'I'm worried we've made an awful mistake.'
'Don't be. Like I said,it'll be fine.'
I didn't feel so fine when we pulled up to UCLA the following day with my suitcase and boxes filling the backseat next to me and the trunk of the car. I looked at the buildings we passed,the ones which reminded me of 90210,and then we stopped outside the halls of residence I'd be living in. I looked up at the grand building as I got out of the car,students and parents hurrying past me with boxes of belongings and suitcases. I stretched and yawned;my body still wasn't used to the time difference and I'd not slept properly since arriving in America.
'It looks nice. Just like the pictures.' Sally said from beside me. She reached into the car and pulled out a box. 'Shall we go and register and find your room?'
'Welcome to UCLA.' A lady smiled behind the sign-in desk. She pushed the glasses up her nose. 'Can I take your name?'
'Sky Bright.' I replied and she beamed at me.
'The English freshman. Of course.' She rummaged through papers and grabbed an envelope with my name on it. 'Well I hope you enjoy your time at UCLA. Your guide,timetable,meal plan and key for your room are all inside the envelope. Your dorm is on the ground floor through the doors behind me.'
'Thank you.' I smiled,shyly,my heart hammering in my chest. I hugged the envelope to me and turned back to my parents. Simon had my suitcase and Sally held a box in her hand.
'Ready,kiddo?' Simon asked. Any normal teenager would have cringed at the term,but I didn't. I appreciated having parents too much. I nodded at them and opened the envelope;room 18. We walked in silence,past other families and students,into the dorm and I followed the signs past a communal living room area with television,sofas and computers,as well as a communal kitchen area. Then we found my room. A group of girls looked my way and gave shy smiles as they passsed us in the corridor,heading towards their rooms with their belongings. I put my key in the lock and paused,taking in a deep breath,and then I opened the door.
Inside Room 18 was a set of bunk beds and another bunk,but this one had a desk and wardrobe underneath it. There were two desks by the window as well as a television on a television unit and there were was a dresser and another wardrobe tucked behind the door. Two girls glanced up at me as I entered;one with bright ginger hair,which reminded me of Clary Fray from the Mortal Instruments series,and a petite Chinese girl. They stopped mid conversation and smiled.
'Uhm hey,I'm Sky.' I said,nervously.
'Our third roommate?' The ginger-haired girl slid off of the top bunk. 'I'm Tina and this is Zoe.'
'Hey.' Zoe said,looking just as shy as me. It made me feel relieved in a way.
'These are my parents,Sally and Simon.' I signalled to my parents hovering behind me as they put down the things they were carrying.
'Hey.' Tina and Zoe chorused and Sally and Simon said a polite hello. I shifted on my feet,unsure of what to say.
'We'll get the rest of your belongings.' Sally said,tugging my adoptive father away. My heart sank. They were leaving me alone with my new roommates. They closed the door behind them and I bit my lip.
'Are you okay with that bed?' Tina signalled to the high bunk with the desk underneath. 'Because we can move around if you'd rather.'
'No,it's fine.' I replied,putting my envelope on the desk underneath it.
'You're English!' Zoe cooed. 'I love an English accent!'
'Really?' I laughed,a nervous laugh. 'It's not so great.'
'The guys are going to love it.' Tina sighed a dramatic sigh. 'Wait,do you have a boyfriend?'
I shook my head. 'Not at home and not here. We just moved last week.'
'That's a lot of adjusting to do in just a week.' Tina said and I nodded. 'I've not been to England before. What's it like?'
After Sally and Simon left,I unpacked with my new roommates and we grabbed lunch together on the terrace in the sunshine. The girls were nice and I knew that we were going to get along just fine as I adjusted my denim shorts,spreading out my pale legs in the hope that I might get some sun on them before school started five days later. I watched fellow students as they moved around,chatting and reading the posters that seemed to be stuck everywhere,advertising Bruin Bash,whatever that was.
'What's Bruin Bash?' I asked the girls and their eyebrows shot up in surprise.
'Haven't you heard of it?' Zoe asked. She took her last sip of milkshake and looked over at me as I shook my head.
'It's the first party of the year.' Tina explained. 'It's a music festival with awesome line-up. I hear DNCE and Ariana Grande are the acts this year. Should be amazing!'
I was thankful I knew who they were. 'Sounds great. Are you going?'
They both nodded. 'We'll get tickets tomorrow.' Zoe smiled. 'It's an event not to be missed.'
'So what shall we do this week?' I asked. 'We've got five days before class starts.'
'Well we could head to the beach tomorrow? I hear there are some minibuses taking people down.' TIna smiled. 'And there's Pitch Perfect on in the Auditorium tonight. I love that movie.'
So,the next day,we woke up after a slight lie-in,and showered and got dressed. It was weird sharing a bathroom with so many other girls,but I knew it was something I would get used to. I'd done so eight years ago in a care home,so it was no different. I slipped on my bikini,denim shorts and a floaty top over the top,ready to embrace the 24 degrees celsius temperature,and I pulled my hair up into a loose bun,before we made our way to the mini buses. As we jumped on a bus,some more students were arriving,carrying pillows and bedding to their rooms.
'Hey.' A guy said to Tina,taking a seat next to us at the back of the mini bus. I couldn't read her facial expression from behind her sunglasses,but Zoe raised her eyebrows at me as she nudged me in the waist.
'Uhm.. hi.' Tina replied.
'I'm Nelson.' He held out his hand confidently and she paused before shaking it.
'Tina.' She said. 'This is Zoe and Sky. My roommates.'
'Sweet.' He shook our hands before turning back to Tina,a flirtacious smile on his lips. I smiled,stifling a giggle,as I looked out of the window. The mini bus pulled out of campus,passing a group of guys in UCLA t-shirts,and headed up towards the highway. 'What's your major,Tina?'
'He's going straight for it.' Zoe whispered beside me. She looked out of the window. 'I wonder if LA is as good as it looks in the movies.'
'Have you not been here before?'
'Only for a tour of campus.' She replied. 'We flew down and then flew back.'
'Where are you from?'
'NYC.' She smiled. 'I'm a city girl. What about you?'
'I guess I am too as we lived in London before.' I looked out at the skyscrapers in the distance as we drove along the busy road. We passed by boutique shops and palm-lined streets and,half an hour later,we reached Santa Monica. The minibus dropped us off by the pier and I grabbed my bag tightly as we got off. Palm trees lined the front and I could see the crystal blue water in the distance. The ferris wheel stood up from the pier,stretching into the sky,as other students hurried past us in groups towards the beach. Zoe grabbed a minibus timetable and tucked it into her bag as Tina tried to shake Nelson off.
'Want to grab an iced tea?' He asked her and she fiddled with her sunglasses,showing her panicked eyes.
'Actually,we're going to head shopping.' I said,grabbing Tina's arm. 'It might take a while.'
'I hate shopping.' Nelson wrinkled his nose and turned back to Tina. 'I'll see you later?'
'Sure.' She nodded,but I realised she was probably just being polite.
'Hey wait up!' Nelson called as he ran off to catch up with a group of guys wearing soccer shirts.
'You're a life saver!' Tina said from beside me and Zoe giggled. 'Don't you laugh.' She warned. 'He's got plenty of single friends I could set you up with.'
'If they're cute I don't mind.' Zoe grinned. 'Now can we head to the beach so I can see some hot lifeguards?'
'Sounds good to me!' I smiled and we walked towards the beach,in the opposite direction of Nelson and his friends. When we reached the sand,I smiled to myself. A nice soft,sandy white beach;no shingle and rockpools like in England. There were little lifeguard huts spread out on the sand and we parked ourselves near one,hoping to catch a glimpse of some cute lifeguards. We spread out our towels and laid down on them,stripping down into our bikinis. I plastered on the suncream,determined not to burn my pasty skin,as the girls moved around until they were comfortable. Zoe pulled out a gossip magazine and flicked through it,stopping on an article about Zed Benedict.
'He's such a bad boy.' Tina said,dreamily,as she peered over Zoe's shoulder.
'That's not a good thing,surely.' I tutted. 'I don't know why girls like him.'
Zoe and Tina looked over at me,gawping. 'He's totally hot.' Zoe said to me.
'He's a player!'
'So you don't think he's hot?' Tina's eyebrows were raised. 'Just look at those eyes! Eyes to get lost in!'
I looked at the picture. 'Well yeah he's hot but-'
'But a jerk.' Zoe completed my sentence. 'Doesn't mean he can't go on my bedroom wall,though.' She beamed and was silent for a moment as she read the article. 'I can't believe he's taking time out to study.'
'Really?' Now that surprised me. 'Are you sure it's not because he loves parties and colleges are full of them?'
'Maybe.' Zoe said. 'And colleges are full of pretty,young girls too,I guess.'
'And cheerleaders.' Tina wrinkled her nose. 'Bloody cheerleaders.'
'What's wrong with cheerleaders?' I chuckled,rolling over onto my back.
'They look all cool in their mini dresses and the guys love them.'
'There's nothing stopping you from wearing mini dresses.' Zoe pointed out.
'But I like to be classy.' Tina replied. She stretched her arms out and tucked her hands under her head. 'Most of the time anyway.' She moved her sunglasses down on her nose. 'Now how's that for a view?' She was watching the surfers coming out of the water,their wetsuits unzipped and showing their chests. One of them ran his hand through his shaggy,sandy blonde hair and I swallowed.
'Yeah I'll agree with you there.' I replied,my cheeks heating up when I realised one of them was looking our way.
'You should go talk to them.' Zoe said,encouragingly. 'As soon as they hear your voice,Sky,they're yours.'
'Don't be ridiculous.' I tutted and I moved back onto my front,turning away from the eye candy. I didn't need a guy right now and it was unlikely I'd get one anyway. I'd never had a boyfriend. Eighteen and never been guessed. It was too lame to admit to my new friends when they clearly seemed to know what they were doing. I held my embarassed face in my towel and tried to relax as the sun soaked into my back.
Bruin Bash came around quickly and we woke up pretty early that Saturday,buzzing with excitement. We'd gone shopping for festival-style outfits the previous day and I'd let my new friends talk me into my first purchase in the USA;a navy strapless knee-length dress with burgundy and gold detailing across the bust. It was something I never would have worn normally,because it gave me a little bit of cleavage,but I decided to brave it. With my brown ankle boots,a baggy cream cardigan,a long gold necklace and braids in my hair,it did the job perfectly. Tina looked cute too in a white lace dress and cowboy boots,inspired by her hometown,and Zoe had opted for a sequin top,shorts and fringe boots. We looked like we belonged at Coachella,one of the only American events I actually knew a little about.
The grounds,where the temporary stage had been sent up alongside food and drink stalls,was already buzzing when we flashed our wristbands and were allowed entry. Despite the signs saying that alcohol was not permitted,I was sure some people had already been drinking from the way they stumbled when they moved around,dancing to a local band that were performing. Tina took the lead,grabbing mine and Zoe's hand and tugging us through the crowd of dancing bodies. She grabbed us each a drink and I sipped the ice cold lemonade,enjoying the refreshing feeling.
'Tina! Hi!' It was Nelson,heading right for us.
'Oh crap.' Tina cursed and she fiddled with her plaited hair. 'Hide me.' She ducked behind me and I laughed.
'I don't think hiding behind me will help.' I told her. 'You are a lot taller than me.' But then,with only being 5ft2 tall,most people were.
'How are you?' Nelson asked her and she moved out from behind me,realising I was right.
'I'm fine.' She replied. 'You?'
'Yeah.' He nodded. 'Have you heard the rumours?'
'What rumours?' Zoe jumped in there,an eyebrow raised.
'Rumour has it,Zed Benedict is studying here this year.' Excitement filled his eyes and I folded my arms across my chest.
'That's one stupid rumour.' Tina shook her head. 'Why on earth would he come here of all places?'
'Because he's just bought a new pad on the hills not too far from here.'
'Of course he's bought a new pad on the hills. We're in LA. Where most movie stars have a house.'
'Then why was he spotted in the school store yesterday?' Nelson grinned and turned to me. 'My roommmate saw him.'
'Right.' I replied,completely unfazed.
'Well if it's true,it's freakin' awesome!' Zoe said excitedly.
'Zed Benedict. Well I never!' Tina beamed. 'Isn't this awesome,Sky?'
'Sure.' I said,less enthusiastically.
Zoe raised her eyebrow. 'Come down from your high-horse,Sky. It'll be nice having even more eye candy around here.'
'Talk to me,baby
I'm going blind from this sweet,sweet craving,whoa
Let's lose our minds and go fucking crazy
Ah ya ya ya ya I keep on hoping we'll eat cake by the ocean
Walk for me,baby
I'll be Diddy,you'll be Naomi,whoa
Let's lose our minds and go fucking crazy
Ah ya ya ya ya I keep on hoping we'll eat cake by the ocean.' 
I danced with my friends as they sang along to the lyrics of the DNCE song I'd never even heard of. All I knew was that the lead singer,Joe Jonas,had been in the Jonas Brothers,a band I had worshipped growing up. Not that I admitted that I'd watched to marry Joe Jonas. I wasn't so sure about his choice of pink hair now,though,so I wasn't having a heart attack as I danced,watching him sing a few metres in front of twirled me around and I blushed as I crashed into a cute blonde guy.
'Sorry.' I apologised.
'No sweat.' He held up his hands and continued dancing to the music.
I swallowed,my throat dry. 'I'm going to grab a drink.' I turned to my friends. 'Want anything?'
They both shook their hands,still dancing,so I headed off solo,weaving in and out of the oversized crowd of students. Most people there wore UCLA merchandise,whether it was a hat,t-shirt or a tank top. I realised I probably needed to get one if I was going to blend into the background with everyone else. I was too busy thinking about other things,that I walked straight into someone. I backed away from the strong muscle,realising I'd walked into some guy's chest.
'Sorry.' I frowned at myself as I looked at the guy. I couldn't see his eyes because of his sunglasses and he wore a UCLA baseball cap on his head. But what I did see... stubble was along his jawline,soft-looking lips and then the muscles visible through his tight t-shirt,and his muscular biceps,one with a thin tribal tattoo circling it like barbed wire.
'Would you watch where you're going?' His voice was low and almost a growl.
I put my hands on my hips. 'It was an accident. What's your problem?'
He folded his arms across his chest and I knew that he was glaring at me from behind his sunglasses. 'I didn't have one til you showed up.'
'Wow,what an arsehole.' I said,glaring right back at him.
'Hey.' A guy appeared beside him with dark hair and the same olive-coloured skin as our peer. He didn't wear sunglasses,only thick-rimmed glasses that showed his hazel-coloured eyes. He looked over at me and then at the arsehole. 'I'm sorry for my brother,he clearly didn't bring his manners with him today.'
'Shut up Yves.' The arsehole said,his voice low and husky.
'I'm Yves.' The nicer guy said,holding out his hand,a smile on his face.
'Sky.' I replied,politely. My body battled with the anger bubbling up inside of me thanks to Yves' brother.
'Are you a freshman?'
'Yes.' I nodded,still trying to get my head around this new terminology. We were freshmeat apparently,according to a senior that had been in our communal living space the previous day. 'Are you?'
'No,I'm a sophomore.' He smiled. 'What's your major?'
'Eugh,enough of this smalltalk.' Yves' brother sounded irritated. 'This place is boring. I'm outta here.' He walked off through the crowd,even his posture rude. I folded my arms across my chest and Yves sighed.
'I'm sorry about my brother,really.' I knew he meant it. 'He has a serious attitude problem.'
'Yeah.' I said in agreement and Yves looked awkward.
'Well I guess I'll see you around,Sky?'
I nodded. 'Sure.'
The first day of classes came around quickly and my heart thudded in my chest as I rummaged through my wardrobe,trying to choose an outfit for my first day of college. I wasn't sure why it mattered. Back home,I'd always just thrown on whatever and not cared what anyone thought of me. But here,part of me wanted to stand out but the old Sky still wanted just to blend into the background,out of trouble and out of the way.
'I wonder what Zed Benedict is studying.' Zoe said thoughtfully as she pushed her pin-straight hair. She looked cute in a plaid shirt and shorts and ankle boots. Then there was Tina,wearing a super cool maxi dress and looking equally cute.
'We don't even know if he's really coming.' Tina replied.
'So you just dressed up like that for the fun of it?' Zoe raised her eyebrow and Tina grinned playfully back at her. 'Sky,are you going to classes in your pyjamas today?'
'It seems like a good idea right now.' I said,continuing to rummage around in my cupboard. I pulled out my denim shorts,a grey tank top and my lace cardigan,deciding it would look cute with my boots and a nice necklace. I dressed quickly and applied my usual make-up;a little eye-liner and mascara to make my eyes pop. I left my hair down,deciding I could always hide behind my blonde curls if I wanted to.
'I love your hair.' Zoe said,appearing beside me as I ran a hand through it. 'It's so long and the curls are adorable.'
I wrinkled my nose. Long,yes. It passed my breasts easily. But adorable? Really? Tina must have read my mind because she nudged me as I put on a long necklace and grabbed my satchel with my new notebook and pens inside. 'What she means is that you look hot,Sky.'
My stomach growled. 'Right,well can we get breakfast? I'm starved.'
We had breakfast in the cafeteria with the other students that lived on campus and then we headed out into the courtyard,in the early morning sun,whilst we waited for our first classes to roll around. I sipped on my smoothie from our position on the tables and Zoe nudged me.
'Over there.' She said.
'Hmmm?' I turned in the direction Zoe and Tina were looking,where a crowd was forming. 'What on earth is going on?'
A few girls squealed,some of which were the cheerleading team,and some more students hurried over.
Tina jumped up. 'I'm guessing it's the arrival of Zed Benedict!' She squealed. She reached her hands out for us. 'I don't know about you,but I'm heading over there. You coming?'
'Absolutely!' Zoe replied,excitedly. She turned to me and I shook my head.
'My class starts in ten minutes.' I replied. 'I'm going to make my way over there and get a good seat.'
I grabbed my satchel and hugged my friends goodbye,stalking away from the arrogant,womanising movie star. As I walked towards class,I heard more screams and students hurried in the other direction to me,but I simply rolled my eyes. What was the big deal? He was just another eighteen-year-old. What was important about an oscar trophy anyway? My phone buzzed as I walked and I pulled it out,smiling when I saw the message was from Sierra.
How's LA? Seen anyone famous yet? Missing you! Si xxx
I smiled and text back.
I've not seen anyone famous,but you'll never guess who's starting UCLA... xxx
Who?!
Someone who's on your bedroom wall... xxx
I reached the music building and thanked the guy who was holding it open for me. I slipped inside and started searching for the room number I was supposed to be in. A few other students moved around,carrying guitars and other instruments in their cases.
'Sky!' I turned at the sound of a familiar voice. Yves stood in his jeans and a Rolling Stones t-shirt. He pushed his glasses up his nose as he smiled at me and he adjusted his grip on his saxophone case.
'Yves,hi.' I replied.
'You got class?'
'Yep,my first one.'
'I didn't realise you were majoring in music.' He looked surprised and his eyes were searching the corridor,as if he was looking for something or someone.
'Yeah.' I nodded. 'It's my forte,I guess.'
The bell rang,a two minute warning according to the college guide that came in my welcome back. Yves ran a hand through his dark hair. 'I'd better let you get to class. Don't want to be late on your first day.' He stood up straighter. 'Which room are you in?'
'103.' I replied and he pointed to the room across from us. 'Thanks.' I smiled.
'Catch you later.' He nodded and then he headed off up the corridor in the opposite direction to me. I headed to the room and opened the door carefully,stepping inside. The lecture theatre wasn't huge,only with a capacity for about 30 students,but it was pretty full and only the front row seats were left. I took a seat next to a brunette girl,who smiled at me as I sat down beside her. A few other students followed me in and then in came the teacher. He moved to the front of his room with some paperwork,standing at his desk and looking out at us. He checked his watch and then cleared his throat.
'Hello students. My name is Zachary James and I will be your main teacher for your freshman year.' He said,cracking his knuckles. 'Within this major,there are five concentrations;composition,music education,performance,theory and jazz studies. I will be with you for music education and composition-slash- performance this year.' He moved to stand in front of his desk and the door opened. He moved his head to the side,looking at the latecomer and we all did the same. The guy in a tight grey v-neck t-shirt,black skinny jeans and converse stood there,bag over his shoulder. His sunglasses and his UCLA baseball cap made me narrow my eyes. It was the arsehole from Bruin Bash.
'Er... sorry I'm late.' He said and I was surprised at his apology. But I was more surprised when he removed his sunglasses and his baseball gap. My mouth was dry as my jaw dropped and some female and male gasps filled the room. The scruffy brunette hair,the bluey green eyes. It was Zed Benedict.
