BEEEEEEP!
BEEEEEEP!
BEEEEEEP!
The sound of my alarm clock drags me from my dream bring with it the realization that the summer holidays are over and toady is the day I start my first day in my dream job. Getting out of bed I reach across and turn off my alarm clock that is on my dresser,I have had to place it away from my bed to make me get up to turn it off or I am for ever pushing snooze and would never get up.
Grabbing the hair band off my bed side table and the towel of the back of my door I head across the hall to the bathroom I share with my 3 other house mates.
We only small bathroom and share with 3 boys this means that it does not matter how many times I clean it somehow it's always a mess again when I next go in there. I never really wanted to live with all boys but once you get over all there disgusting habits and lack of cleaning and cooking skills it can be quite nice as they all look after as if I was there little sister and by that I mean they annoy me a lot of the time and like to be over protective when it come to my love life but we all care for each other a lot. Putting my towel down in the only clear spot on the top of the cabinet I reached over and turned on the shower.
Using the hair band on my wrist Ii tied my long straight blonde hair up to stop it from getting wet. I step in the shower letting the steamy hot water wake me up full. Standing under the jets of water always calmed me
After my shower a grabbed my towel of the cabinet and wrapped my towel around me be a poke my head out the door checking that none of the boys were outside because we might be close and I them love them like brother but seeing me half naked is not ok. Running across the hall again I open my door to my bedroom and duck inside closing the door quickly behind me.
My room was the biggest in the house which I have managed to win in a game of rock paper scissors when we first moved in. I have never been very art so the walls are still the same cream colour they were when I moved in with the addition of a few posters but mostly the walls were covered all my training notes stuck all over the walls to help me revise for my resent exams I passed. In the middle of my room was a big double bed with purple covers and many pillow because in my opinion a bed could never have to many pillows.
On the desk chair in the corner of my room next to my window was the uniform I had been sent last Tuesday for today it consisted a pair of plain black trouser with a single gold button on the front,a white v neck blouse with identical gold buttons up the front and a black smart blazer also with matching gold button,the uniform had also come with lace up black shoes that looked very smart but were also good for running in. When I first tried the uniform on the trouser no way fitted me which was not a big surprise because being 5ft 1inces meant that you could hardly ever find trousers to fit unless you buy children's clothes but after an hour with a sowing machine the trousers where a perfect fit.
Once I dried myself off and had put on my new uniform I went to work fixing my hair into a tight bun on the top of my head making sure that no strands were out of place and using nearly a whole can of hair spray to make sure it stay neat all day. I was never really into to wearing much make up as I would rather sleep an extra half an hour than stand in front of a mirror making sure my makeup was perfect. Today I decided I would apply some mascara to make my eyes stand out and look more alert and a coat of lip gloss to hopefully make a good impression.
Finally satisfied with how I look I headed down stairs to the kitchen to make myself some peanut butter on toast and a cup of tea because unlike some people I can't function properly unless I have had 3 meals a day and can get quite angry when I'm hungry. My house mate had to learn this the hard way and now no to stay out of my way if I'm heading to the kitchen for food.
After breakfast I quickly washed everything up and went on the hunt for my car keys. I always put them in a safe place but as normal that place is so safe I can't even find them. Finally finding them under the sofa after crawling around on my hands and knees of 10 minutes cursing as I went.
Standing up and straighten my uniform I took one last looking in the mirror over the mantel piece in the front making sure my hair in place and that I had no food from breakfast around my face.
Making eye contact with myself in the mirror in the front room I reassured myself by saying "we can do this!"
Satisfied with my appearance I headed for the front door ready to deal with whatever the day through at me.

The weather had been nice over the last week and today was no expectation the sun was up and there was not a cloud in the sky. Taking the nice day as a good omen I headed for my car whistling as I went.
My small blue mini was parked just across the road. She is very old but had done me very well over the last 3 years and no matter how much my house mates teased me she is perfect. She has only broken down on me 3 times and she always comes back so I don't see a problem.
Getting in the car and Turing the engine on,I pulled out of my parking space and head in the direction of central London. As I expected the road were very busy heading into London at this time in the morning so was glad I had planned ahead and left early. Not wanted to thin to much about how the day head was going to go I decided to turned on my radio and put in my favourite CD hope it would be a good distraction.
After sitting in traffic for what seemed like forever I finally reached the destionation I has entered into my satnav and came face to face with a set of big black iron gates. Next to the gates was a black box which has an elderly looking police officer inside.
"Excuse me Sir I need to get through" I called out of my window to attract his attention.
Not even looking up from whatever he was reading the officer replied "Sorry miss these gates are here for a reason and that's to keep the public out"
Taken aback by his rudeness I replied "I have my pass here somewhere" as I dug through my bag looking for the envelope with everything I needed for today cursing myself for not being more prepared.
The officer rolled his eye "the visitor's entrance for tours is up the road a bit and there is not parking available you will have to park your" he looked at my old mini and an amused expression crossed his face "car elsewhere".
Starting to get very angry with this man and panic I had left the envelope at home. I began emptying the contents of my bag all over the passenger seat. Relieved when a small brown envelope fell out that contained my security pass. The pass itself had my photo on it and my security clearance level.
Finally with a loud sigh the officer decided to put his book down and leave his little box to come over to my car.
"now look here miss if you're not going to move long I will have to make you" said the officer going on red in the face and trying to stand as tall as he could.
Leaning out of my car window I showed the officer my security pass. Hoping this would make him understand that I was not just another member of the public.
The officer looked picture and security level and raised an eyebrows "little bit young to be level 4 security clearance aren't you?" He said in a patronizing tone
"You look about 12" he said laughing at his own comment.
Through gritted teeth I said "I'm 20 actually"
I was having to keep my hands tight on the steering wheel to prevent me from hitting the jerk in the face.
Looking surprised at my answer but still not please the officer nodded.
"I'm going to have to called this in with my boss" he said
He turned away from my car and walked away a few steps bring his walkie talkie to his mouth.
Although he moved away from my car he was just close enough for me to over here what he was saying.
"Sir I have a girl at the east gate claiming to be a Miss "he looked down at my security pass "Astrid Jamieson".
"I have her security pass in my hand but something does not add up so I have stopped her at the gate. What would you like me to do with her?"
I could not hear the answer on the other end of the conversation but all the blood drained from the officer's face and he quickly replied in a much higher voice than before "yes Sir,sorry Sir"
After clipping the walkie talkie back on to his uniform he walked slowly back to my car looking very sorry for himself.
"I apologies for the inconvenience I have caused to your morning mam you can never be too careful in this line of work" he muttered quietly passing my pass back through the window of my car.
"That's ok I understand you were just trying to do your job" I answered in an irritated way.
"I have been told to give you directions on where you need to go" he said
That would be most helpful" I replied hoping he would hurry up as he had wasted far too much of my time already.
"drive through these gates and turn right that will take you up the side of the house the when you get to the front of the house turn left and drive to the fair side of the house there will be a small car park for the security team. You will be met there" the officer said quickly like he was bored and wanted me to go just as much as I wanted to leave.
The officer turned on his heels and went back to his box pushing a button that allowed the gates to open for me.
Putting my car into first gear I thanked the officer and drove through the now open gates.
Driving up the side of the house my nervous were starting to kick in but as I got to the front of the house all my fear faded from my mind when I saw the front of the house.
Although I have seen the house from behind the gates so many times nothing could prepare me for how beautiful the house looked up close. The building itself looked old fashioned with its many stone pillars and columns towering above me but the condition of the building made it look somehow young. The whole front of the house is lined with tall magnificent windows that glinted in the morning sun making the house look golden. The middle of the house has always been my favourite it has a massive balcony with big wide window and stone pillars on either side. The balcony hangs out over the courtyard giving the house a much grander look about it.
The house was massive and the drive from one end to the other took me about 5 mins but I didn't mind I don't think I will ever get bored of looking at the house.
As I pulled into the small car park a tall gentle man who looked to be in his mid to late 30 come of one of the doors at the corner of the house and head towards my car.
Parking my car in the small space the end of a roll of cars,I quickly filled my handbag back up from where I had emptied it and got out of the car just as the man had reached my door.
The man expended his hand to me and said "Good afternoon Miss Jamieson and welcome to Buckingham palace."

Reaching my hand I shook his hand.
"Thank you sir,it's an honour to be here" I said with a massive smile on my face.
The man opposite me laughed and replied "please call me Vinnie I can't stand being called Sir it to formal and the honour is all ours we have heard great things about you"
Blushing a bright shade of red I replied " It's nice to meet you Vinnie and please called me Astrid"
"Sorry about Reggie at the gate he sometime takes his job a little too serious and he hates new young people and most things about life so I would not worry" Vinnie said with a small smile.
"Its fine he was just doing his job" I said
"Now if you would follow me I will take you to my office to do some paper work then I show you around" he said as he started walking towards door he exited from to meet me.
Pulling my bag up my arm I hurried behind Vinnie very excited to see my first glimpse inside Buckingham palace .
We entered the house through a big oak door that led us into a long corridor with red carpet with many doors along it. I could not help staring at every painting and ornament as we passed it.
"This part of the house if just for the staff some of the room are used for storage and others are offices for the more senior members of staff" Vinnie said over his shoulder.
Vinnie stopped mid-way up the corridor looking back at me.
"sorry "I said I had not realised I had fallen behind.
Picking up the pace I quickly moved up to corridor to join Vinnie who smiled at me. This was the first time I had really looked at Vinnie face and could not help to notice he was quite handsome for an older man and had a very friendly smile that made me feel at ease.
Realising I was staring I quickly looked at another paining and quickly said "there are so many beautiful paints in here" hoping he did not notice me staring
"Wait till you see the rest of the house they are even more stunning" he replied
"Let me tell you a little bit more about what your job will entail whilst we walk to my office" Vinnie said as he started walking again
This time I made sure my strides matched his so I did not have the chance to get distracted again.
"We are quite as small team when it comes to security which will surprise you because this is the royal family we are talking about but they don't like being swapped with lots of people so most of the time is 1 security personal with one young royal then 2 or 3 with the queen. On functions or when the royals are touring we bring in a bigger team to help as there is more of a risk. We are putting you in charge of security for one of our young royals,we were told you are one of the best recruits they have ever had. The royal we are putting you with is a bit of a hand full but we have faith in you and we will help out until you find your feet" he said
From down the corridor he heard lowed fast footsteps coming towards us and another middle ages come around the corner and spoke to Vinnie quietly.
"I'm really sorry Astrid there is a problem I need to deal with if you follow this corridor up and around the corner my office is the second door on the right could you wait in there for me" he said quickly and started heading back the way he had come not leaving me with any choice but to go on to his office without him.
Carrying on up the corridor I took my time so I could process everything he had just told me.
No paying attention as I turned the corner I found myself walking into something rather hard that caused me to stumble backwards landing on the floor.
"Mind where you are bloody going" said a man's voice
Looking up a very tall man with short light brown hair stood over me with a frown on his face. He was good looking with the sort of face that belongs on a movie screen and by the looks of his thick muscular arms he defiantly had a six pack hidden under his top.
"Are you just going to sit down there are you going to get up and apologies" the tall man said very rudely.
Standing up quickly and brushing myself off I replied" I did not mean to bump into you it was an accident. So there for I see no reason for me to apologies"
Raising an eyebrow the man looked me up and down and said "what are you even doing over this side of the house the kitchens are in the east wing"
"I don't working in the kitchen" I replied feeling confused and then It sunk in why he would have thought I worked in the kitchen.
"Oh I see because I'm a woman you think that the best place for me is in the kitchen" I said angrily
A cocky smile crossed the man's face and he gave a short laugh
"You mean women have other uses?" he said in a sarcastically
"No look here you" I said getting angry
"Women have fort so hard for equal right and we don't need people like you putting us down this is not the Stone Age anymore us women can do anything a man can do. Men like you that put women down are just scared that we will be able to do your job better so would rather we were repressed again" finally finishing my rant I looked up at the man again
He was standing there looking at me shaking with laughter
"Don't you dare laugh at me" I shouted
"You're cute when you angry "he said
What was it I had had it with this man,I was just about to punch him in the face when Vinnie came around the corner
"Oh I see you have met Prince Alexander" Vinnie said
My gaw dropped I thought I recognised him but how did it not accrue to me that this is Prince Alexander,I was in Buckingham palace for god sake. I'm an idiot!
Vinnie then turned to Prince Alexander and said "This is your new security person I have been telling you about"
He then looked in my direction and said "The Price is who you will be Protecting"
"WHAT!" both Prince Alexander and I said in Unisom
Sorry this Chapter is a little later than the other 2 will try and make better time with the next chapter.
