Thea
And the day began as it always did. I got up,I showered,I dressed and I ate my cereal. I braced myself for the day and I walked out of my front door the only difference with today was that I was no longer at home. I was in my new home,in my new town and in a new country. Today was the day I began my education as a student of the University of Colorado. As a student of international law I decided to take my studies international. Now it wasn't as if I did this on a whim. I was approached by the college to take a scholarship,and being the opportunistic person that I am,I just couldn't bring myself to say no. So,here I am.
The good thing about Colorado is that the climate isn't all too different to home. It's cold. Therefore I did not need to go out and buy a complete new wardrobe,however I couldn't help myself from picking up a few items here and there. Because of that,I found myself walking out of my apartment in a comfortable,unworn pair of boots and a cosy jacket that still had a lingering smell of the shop I bought it in.
So off I went through the campus trying to figure out where I was actually supposed to go. I bounced around from mind to mind trying to spot anyone who was going to my class. It was then I heard just a few meters behind me two guys discussing constitutional law. I turned around and laid eyes on one of the best looking lads I have ever seen. He was tall,tanned and very muscular. He had the build of a rugby player but I suppose over here they would say of a football player. He was with a friend but I took no notice of him. Which seemed understandable considering who he was with.
I nearly turned back around,intimidated by his good looks,but a little voice in the back of my mind told me to get myself together he was just another person. With that,I walked up to him with the air of confidence,well what I believed was confidence,and asked,"Sorry,I'm new and completely lost,ye wouldn't know where the constitutional law lecture is on,would ye?" I was surprised to see that his eyes were blue. One would expect from his Hispanic appearance that he would have had brown eyes. Regardless,the blue eyes looked into my own and a smile appeared before he said,"Ya,actually we're headed there now if you want to come?" I smiled as 'waheey' echoed through my head.
Will
I smiled as she smiled and extended my hand towards her,"Will Benedict and this is my friend,Cliff Hyland". "Thea O'Brien",she replied in an all too familiar accent.
"So,where are you from?"
Laughing she replied,"Can ya not tell? Ireland"
"Ireland? I think we have some relations over there. Why are you over here?"
"Oh really? Where abouts are they from? I actually got a scholarship to spend a year over here"
"I'm not actually too sure. The east I think.. Wow a scholarship. I suppose you just couldn't say no""Well,probably Dublin region I guess. I'm from the west myself. No I suppose I couldn't. But would you be able to?"
"Ha no I suppose not. Then again I'd have to discuss it with my family"
"Are you a big family man then?" she said smiling.
"Ya. They're a big part of my life,we're very close. Was it hard leaving yours behind?"
I watched as an almost dazed expression crossed her face,"No",she replied. I looked at her expecting more of an answer but none came. I frowned internally but continued as if nothing had happened.
"So Cliff",Thea began,"what do you do here?"
"em,business law"
"That sounds interesting. Do you like it?".
"Ya it's great. Still,not good enough that it makes me want to get up early in order to actually attend any of the classes"
Thea laughed at that before replaying,"Ah sure,don't I know myself".
I couldn't help but stare at her as she sat down beside me in the lecture hall. She really was beautiful. There was just something about her. Her pale skin almost glowed in the lights from the room. Her golden hair seemed to glide around her and fall like wave down her back. Her deep blue eyes seemed to have a flex of gold. She was mesmerising and it took me by surprise how much I noticed about her. I've found girls attractive before but never to such an extent.
It was when she turned to look at me that I realised I was staring. I hadn't even noticed Cliff had left to join our friends. I turned to see them looking at me and I saw Mike look at Thea and then back at me to give me a wink. I couldn't help but laugh. Thea looked at me.
Smiling she said,"What?"
"Oh,nothing I just remembered something funny"
She raised an eyebrow and internally I groaned. 'I just remembered something funny? Smooth Will,smooth'.
"Are you business law as well?" She asked in her melodic accent.
"Eh no actually,international",I answered.
"Oh I'm the same!"
"Oh wow really? Ya its great,my family are involved with this… company.. and it really needs some international connections. So,hopefully I can help with that. What do you want to do?"
"Well to be honest,I'm not actually too sure,I have a company myself that I can go into,but I feel like I want to do something more… normal. Ya know? Like I'm not saying that certain beyond normal.. abilities don't come in handy,but sometimes I just want to be like everyone else."
I looked at her for a second,I knew exactly what she meant.. but knowing exactly what she meant made me wonder if I were to say the same thing to her,would she understand the same way that I would?
"Sorry",she laughed,"that was a bit too deep. Just blame it on the college student in me. Just trying to find the 'real me' like everybody else is"
"Oh no! I completely understand! Don't worry"
She smiled and turned to her bag pulling out her laptop and a book. As I turned to do the same,there was a thought lingering in the back of my head. Maybe Thea and I have a lot more in common than going to the same university..

Just wanted to say thanks to whoever reviewed on the last chapter,it was much appreciated! You're so nice xx no she's not me,just a character I randomly thought off,made her Irish because I thought it would be easier to write about a new character from an Irish background rather than an American one or any other nationality. I felt it would make her seem more "real" I guess as her background would be more authentic. haaah. You really should give it a go,sure no one is going to know who you are anyway,what's the worst that can happen? Thank you so much for your review! Hope you continue to enjoy it! xxx 
Thea
So far,I was loving Colorado. The university was great,the atmosphere was great and the people that I had met were nothing but warm and welcoming.
I had only been here a week and I was already falling into a routine. I was still adapting to the time difference,so I would go to sleep early and in turn,would wake up early too. Instead of lying in bed I made the courageous decision to be active,get off my ass and go for a run. Another motivating thing about getting up early to exercise was that my dear friend Will often got the same idea.
As I made my way down to the track I caught sight of him. "Damn" just echoed throughout my head as he did his warm ups on the field. Even from a distance I could see his muscles roll underneath his skin. I kept off to a distance,not wanting to talk but simply admire as I did my own stretches. However,I did keep just in his eye line so he knew I was there. If I was to angle myself correctly,I would hopefully capture his attention in ways other than talking…
There were normally a few people out at this stage in the morning,but none had been so.. kind as to introduce themselves before. It seemed that today was the day that ended. As I was stretching my ham strings,I felt someone come up behind me. They were so close that if my bottoms had 'if you can read this,you're too close' written across them,they would have seen it perfectly. I quickly turned and stepped back.
"Uh,hi",I said warily.
"hey there",he replied.
I stared at him,not really knowing what to do. "Are you ok?" I asked looking up at him. He was easily over six foot.
"I just saw you doing our stretches and I was wondering if you needed any help?""No,I'm ok thanks""No its really no problem. Id only be happy to.. help",he paused and looked me up and down while biting his lip. Freaked out weren't the words. I looked at him as if he had just said the stupidest thing in the world.
"No seriously. You're ok"
He laughed," You're so Irish. Not wanting to bother anyone",at this point he decided that the best thing to do was put his hands on my waist and pull me close. My hands automatically went to his chest and I tried to push him away. "But I seriously want to help you.. stretch"
"What are you doing?",I exclaimed,"Let go"
"Hey come on,don't play hard to get ",he said smirking.
"No seriously let go",when he wouldn't,I kneed him where the sun don't shine.
Unfortunately he didn't have the reaction I had anticipated and as soon as he had let go of my waist,he had grabbed my wrists so tight that I gasped.
"you little bitch",he snarled through his teeth.
"HEY!" I heard coming from the side of me,"Let go of her!"
I saw Will coming up to us and internally I was cheering. The guy who was crushing my arms pushed me onto the ground and my head smacked hard against the ground. When the track stopped spinning,I looked up and Will was chest-to-chest with this freak. He was two or three inches taller than him and broader. He pushed the guy away and stood in front of me.
"What the hell dude?",he demanded,pushing him away again.
"What?!" the freak shouted.
"Get the hell away from her and if you come near her again,you'll have me to deal with",his voice was so commanding that it was no surprise when the freak backed down and walked away.
It was at this point that I realised I was still lying on the ground. I raised myself up into a seated position and the world rocked dangerously. I put my hands flat on the ground to brace myself but my wrists ached badly and I was flat on the ground again.
I opened my eyes and I could see Will looking down at me,"Hey are you ok?",he asked,his voice full of concern. Me being the big Irish woman I am replied,"Ah sure,I'm grand.. you wouldn't mind helping me up would you?"
"I'm not sure if that's the best idea Thea. Maybe you should just lie still,you hit your head pretty hard. I should probably call an ambulance"
It was then I noticed that it wasn't just Will who was looking down at me and I immediately felt embarrassed.
"No,no,I'm fine,really. Just need a hand up"
Reluctantly,he picked me up by the tops of my arms and held onto them as I swayed.
"Thea seriously,you need to be looked at"
"No,I'm fine. My head justs hurts a little",my head spun again and my eyes unfocused for a second. I looked down and pinched the bridge of my nose. The only thing that was holding me up was Will's hands on my arms.
"Maybe I should just sit down",I mumbled.
Will just slid his arm around my waist and put my arm around his shoulder. I leaned heavily against him as I tried to walk. I looked down,not wanting to see the faces of everyone looking at me. My face burned scarlet with embarrassment.
Next thing I know,we were at the side of a building and Will was sitting me down on a bench. I looked up and I was pleased to see there was no one around except for the two of us.
"You really don't have to do this," I began,while putting my head between my knees,"I can just go home and sleep it off or something"
"If you think I'm going to leave you on your own while you're in this state,you have another thing coming"
"It's just so.. embarrassing. Like,now every time one of the people who were there see me there gonna think,oh there goes that Irish one who can't even defend herself". My surroundings,thankfully,were slowly returning to their rightful position.
"Thea,look at me"
I looked up and he said,"No one is going to think that. They understand what happened. And from what I could see you were quite able to handle yourself"
I laughed at that," I suppose I wasn't completely helpless". And then to top off a completely messed up morning,my stomach had to do such a loud rumble that I think I might have woke up the entire campus.
Thankfully,Will just laughed. "I think we should go get some breakfast,that alright with you?"
I just nodded as once again,my face burned red.
Will
I extended my hand towards her and when she placed her hand in my own,I noticed her wrists.
"Woaah",I exclaimed,"he really held on didn't he?"
Her wrists were bright red and already bruising. I immediately felt a surge of anger,but in the back of my mind,I couldn't help but wonder,why was it that I felt so protective of this girl.
She tried to pull her hand away but I held on. Another thing had caught my eye. Underneath the bruises were some serious scars. I turned her palm around and saw that they encircled her entire wrists.
"What are these",I asked.
"Will,they're bruises. You saw him holding my arms",Thea replied. I looked at her,"No," I began,"The scars"
It surprised me to see she looked genuinely confused as she looked at her wrists. She looked at the scars as if they were as shocking to her as they were to me.
"I..",she began looking at me. Then her eyes completely unfocused and for a split second I saw chains and concrete. I felt a wave of fear and pain that wasn't my own.
Then,almost as soon as I had seen the image it was gone. I looked at Thea,her eyes were back to normal but were still full of confusion.
"Thea what was that?"
"What?"
I stared at her. I tried to get into her mind. To see who she really was,to figure out if she was lying or if she was genuinely confused. But there was something blocking me. Something strong. Something that human minds can't do but savant minds can. Thea was shielding.
As I tried to enter her mind,her eyes snapped into focus and shock was splashed across her face.
You're a savant.
Thea's voice echoed throughout my mind. And just like that,my mind lit up brighter than the night sky.
