Chapter 1
The only thing I knew about American high schools were from stereotypical rom-com movies,but even then I did not suppose Wrickenridge High would bow down to those stereotypes. As soon as you stepped into the car park at Wrickenridge,you could tell whowas who. British stereotypes may have been different,but Mean Girls taught me all I needed to know about surviving in High School. I felt misplaced even so,like a vegetable in a fruit bowl. The difference was not obvious,but it was stillthere,like a small yet irritating spot.
Just like the movies,I thought to myself as I took off my helmet,careful not to turn on my hair's static electricity and end up looking like a spider. I slid off my scooter and headed towards the main building,taking in the scenery as I passed. Sports-crazy jocks,I noted as I walked past the large Range Rover surrounded by tall,well-built guys in sports kit,too focussed on lifting weights and flexing their biceps. I was already the shortest person around for a five mile radius.. Talk about shoving it inmy face. On the opposite side were the smart cars,the built-in solar panels,hydroelectric kind. Those kids with the rimless glasses,the books too new and crisp to be real and the hair that was far too tamed. They kept out of everyone's ways asif we would dull their intellect. I was pretty sure my lack of organisation would offend them.
A skateboarder soared past me,out of nowhere. And then of course,there were the careless dudes with no worries except for wondering which skateboard trick would impress all the chicks. I had to resist the urge to roll my eyes as one of then pulled offa heel flip,directly in front of the view of the cheerleaders. Definitely had to be a coincidence.
The cheerleaders,who I guess pretty much were your average pretty,single-minded girls,giggled on cue. Mentally cringing,I walked away,just metres away from the building- hopefully a safe haven from all these people.
That was when the most important vehicle on the road entered the car park. The red sports car- so new it had not even begun selling in stores yet. You could practically see the flames rolling off those smoking wheels as the car slid into its parking spot,obviously permanently reserved,in one easy move. I picked up my pace. Everyone knew it was best to avoid those girls. High school drama was not going to get me anywhere. The flowing hair,flashing sunglasses and trendy clothing all seemed to be alabel for:suffer,all ye who cross our paths. You get the general idea.
The corridors were as busy as heck,hardly the safe haven I had been hoping for. It was flooding with the chatter of hundreds of teenagers. I wondered if they could actually hear each other or if they simply rambled on,hoping someone would hear. I couldfeel eyes scanning me up and down as I stuck close to the lockers,out of the way. Clumsy was my middle name and the last thing I wanted was to show myself up as the weird new British girl. Just stay out of harm's way. Though,just as I thoughtthat,I could already see harm heading straight for me in the form of one clumsy,awkward teenager- an accident waiting to happen. Basically the teenage version of me.
I could see the pandemonium stretch out before me like a panorama before it even happened. A bucket of white paint carried by a bunch of irresponsible teenagers laughing at their own jokes and a water spillage in front of a clumsy teenager always ledto trouble. Experience had taught me so much. All I could do was watch as the scene folded out before me like a pop-up book and soon found myself staring at the same girl,now on her hands and knees,scanning the ground for the book that had slidover to my foot. Her clothes were splatted with paint and the book was fully soaked-ruined. I could feel it by my foot as the girl stood up,looking frustrated rather than embarrassed. That was when the queen bees entered the house. All flowing hairwaving flawlessly behind them and bright white teeth shining in false smiles. Great. Talk about wrong time,wrong place. I could have left the book there and disappeared,but my conscience would not have left me. Regretting my entire life there andthen,I bent down to pick up the book. It was the spiral bound kind- seemed like a sketchbook. The owner would not be happy to receive it back in such a condition,but it wasn't my fault so I walked over to where she was gathering her bags from thefloor and cleared my throat elaborately.
"I think this is yours," I said,as she turned towards me. "It was on the floor." The girl seemed surprised that I was talking to her,let alone picked up her notebook from the floor and had given it to her.
"Um,thanks," she muttered unsurely. "Oh,crap." I looked to wear her eyes had fallen and found her staring at those girls,strutting towards us like a bunch of graceful gazelles. The middle one,clearly the leader,broke off from the trio and walkedinto the hug of a tall,hot guy. Talk about living the life. Every other girl there looked at her as if she was their god. Which I'm pretty sure they thought she was.
"Are you okay?" I asked,even though we both knew the answer was no. Without replying the girl dove behind the bin,seeking some kind of protection. I had to laugh at the irony. The girl had muscles fit enough for a lion yet she was hiding from thesegazelles.
Seconds later,a muffled whisper came from the bin.
"Are they gone?"
"Um,yeah." I checked once more. Yep,they had definitely gone. The crowd had finally seemed to lessen in the hallway all of a sudden.
"Phew," the girl sighed and climbed up from behind the bins. "Thanks for the book." She looked down at the book,to find it soaked in white paint. She didn't seem to be surprised about it all.
"You must be new to the school," she exclaimed,turning her gaze towards me.
"Yeah. I'm from England," I replied.
"Do you want me to show you to the principal's office?" she asked me,flicking some paint off her book.
"Um,no thanks. I think I can manage," I replied quickly and walked away briskly. She seemed nice but two accidents in one place was never a good idea. It was like a law. A law that I would no doubt be breaking.
"...any questions young lady?"
I stared blankly at the principal's face,wondering what on earth he had been going on about for the past half an hour or so.
"Um...no?" I replied,stifling a yawn behind the sleeve of my black and white jumper. I picked up my black fedora hat from the floor that must have slid off when I dozed off and sat up straight. The principal sighed as if he knew I had not been listeningto a word he had said and simply handed me a few forms to sign. I left the office with an aching hand and I am pretty sure I yawned about fifty times in there. Slowly walking down the empty hallway,I fingered the buckle of the thin leather belt thatshone under the bottom of my jumper. Principal Duvall seemed nice enough,but I felt pretty sorry for him. He had to deal with an entire school full of cliques. That must be a pretty hard deal and only a great big pay check could compensate for sucha loss.
I pulled out my timetable,folded into eighths from the depths of the pocket of my denim jeans and searched for my next lesson. First lesson to be precise. Advanced Physics. Physics hadn't always been my strong point. I definitely preferred Chemistryand Biology,but when it came to either Physics or Advanced Mathematics,I was suddenly more open to that option. I stopped outside room Ph7. Punny. I wondered if someone had named it that on purpose. It would've been more suitable for a chemistryclassroom. I should have known there and then that this was not going to end well. Any school that names its physics classrooms Ph7 has serious issues.
This is my first ever fanfiction but I'm not really sure if it's any good. Reviews would be really nice thank you and I'd appreciate some constructive criticismto help me improve anything
Thank you so much! xxx

Chapter 2:Alexandria
The door creaked open reluctantly to reveal a dimly-lit room,the only light source coming from the light bulb at the entrance. Poor thing must have been lonely Maybe vampires lived here. That would be a first. I stepped inside cautiously,wondering whether I would need garlic after all,but soon enough my eyes adjusted to the dim light. Three columns of rows of desks fit for two people. I could vaguely make out the teacher's desk at the front and headed over there. A good start I reckoned. I was wrong.
After standing there like a complete nitwit for about two minutes I cleared my throat loudly,arousing the asleep teacher,his legs resting on the desk,which was scattered with papers and textbooks of all kinds. I guess the man had less time than me. His eyes opened a tiny fraction,taking in the scene in front of him and then he immediately closed them again and slumped back.
"Home Ec's to your left miss,not the right," he mumbled sleepily. Um... Not sure what to make of that,I awkwardly cleared my throat again.
"Wow,thanks for that," I mumbled in reply. Ten seconds later,I realised he was being serious. There were only three other girls in the classroom and one of them seemed like the socially-awkward,anti-social,wouldn't-know-fun-if-it-hit-her-across-the-face kind of person. Another one was asleep with her headphones on in the corner of the classroom. Maybe advanced physics wasn't so easy after all. But what surprised was to see Mean Girl no. 1,sitting in the front,blonde locks and long legs shining despite the lack of light in the room. But what did not surprise me was that she was painting her nails a shade of bright pink,instead of leafing through a textbook. I would have fainted if that had happened. Being a savant,one of my gifts was that sometimes I was able to instantly get a glimmer of people's personalities at first sight. Not all the time or with everyone but sometimes. Though pretty handy if you asked me.
"Refreshing sexism out the window,I'm actually here for Advanced Physics." Well,that seemed to wake him up alright.
"Woah,you're serious," he muttered,rubbing his eyes,hoping i would somehow vanish into thin air like a dream. Not today. I could tell the man really wanted his sleep and a new kid was the last thing he wanted to deal with today. But every eye in the classroom had turned to stare at me,as if I was some kind of new species of animal in a zoo. I could definitely relate,since another one of my gifts was that I could communicate with animals. They were all examining the new English girl,wondering which category she would appeal to. I briefly wondered if there was a category for strange weird British midgets. How lucky would I be? A new stereotype invented just for me!
"You can sit with Zach,over there," he offered,sitting up in his seat. I looked over to where he was pointing,trying to ignore the eyes staring,to the table with the to empty chairs. I blinked. Was this Zach guy supposed to be invisible or something? Because as far as I could tell,there was no Zach there.
"Um..." I heard myself mumble as I trudged over to the sets and gingerly took my place in the one on the right,with a better view of the fields,stretching out in the autumn sunlight.
"I see Mr Benedcit is late as usual," muttered our physics teacher in an unamused voice. Uh-oh. I knew what that meant. I had probably been put next to one of those shallow popular jerks,who thought they were amazing at everything just because they were. As if one cue,the classroom door swung open and a tall figure entered the classroom. Instantly I watched as the classroom transformed. The blondie sat up,puffing out her chest,twirling her wavy locks,with a bright blinding horribly overexaggerated smile on her face. The guys all slumped down slightly,trying to look macho,as I resisited the urge to laugh. I did not know how they thought they were going to pull that off sitting in an advanced Physics classroom. Some did manage to achieve that,but the one boy who totally rocked the look was the one who swaggered in at that moment,raking a hand through his messy chocolate brown hair,definitely achieving the I-just-got-out-bed-and-still-manage-to-look-this-good look perfectly. A leather jacket framed a plain white T-shirt and his black jeans,the shades that he whisked off to reveal flirtatious eyes. I couldn't quite make out what colour they were from this distance without my glasses,but that boy was the definition of hot,and everyone else in teh room knew it too.
"Mr Benedict,what's your excuse this time?" Mr Whatshisname asked,not botering to even look up as Zach walked into the classroom,a smirk on his face,as if he knew a joke that no one else did. Shallow? Check. Popular? Check. He stopped at his seat and simply said,"The bus was late." Boys like him did not take the bus. They probably had sports cars of every colour possible. Then his eyes finally fell on me,and he registered the presence of the human being in front of him.
"Who are you?" Sensing the rudeness in his voice I decided not to answer.
Jerk? Double check.

Chapter 3:Zach
Even I had to admit- she was beautiful. Those large doe-shaped chocolatey-brown eyes stared back at me as she turned her head,her fringe shielding the faint trace of a scar on her forehead. Ignoring that,I blurted out the first thing that appeared at the top of my mind.
"Who are you?" I hadn't meant for it to sound so rude,but from the frown on her face,that was what it sounded like.
Before she could reply,which it didn't look like she was going to anyway,a voice trilled,inviting me over.
"Zach!" I cursed under my breath,and smiled lightly in Melanie's direction as she flipped her blonde mane with a flirty wave. Could anyone be more discreet? I did not want anyone to think Melanie and I were an item,so I usually distanced myself from her,but apparently that wasn't what she wanted. To avoid any further interaction,I slid into my seat,next to the new girl,swinging my bag round to pull out my physics book.
"Zach,this is Alexandria Bishop," Mr Fitch mumbled. "She'll be your partner for the next year,and you'll be working together on your project,as well,understand?" I nodded,trying to hide my smile. Sweet. I could see Melanie slump in her seat at that,giving me a moment of relief. Mr Fitch returned to the front of the classroom to begin the lesson,and I decided that this was the best time to introduce myself.
"Hi I'm Zach Benedict," I said smiling,my hand jutting out,welcoming a friendly handshake. She frowned for a second,and I worried that she might not take my hand,when her small hand slipped into mine and we shook,as she gradually,after some thought,returned my smile. Cute was the first word that came to mind,but I had learned to think before I said something else stupid.
"I'm from Alexandria Bishop," she replied in a British accent.
"Cute accent." She smiled and I could have sworn I saw her cheeks flush pick as Mr Fitch called for us to concentrate. What with Mr Fitch staring at me like a hawk,I did not get another chance to speak to her afterwards. The rest of the day went by fairly smoothly,until of course I got home. I rode into our driveway alongside Zed as I heard the faint shadow of my mum's stressed voice from the living room. I looked over at my brother,who didn't seem happy about it either.
Not good.
Well done Sherlock,he replied,pocketing his keys and clambering off his bike. Rude much.
Come on then. Zed beckoned,knowing that if our parents heard us talking,they would know we were here. We were pros at eavesdropping. I clambered off my own motorbike and followed him,raking a hand through my hair in anxiousness.
"This is not good. Not good at all," I heard Vick say. Trust him to point out the obvious. But what were they talking about?
"If he's escaped,we all know who the first people,he'll be after are," he added in frustration.
Who are they talking about? I heard Zed's voice in my head.
I've been with you all this time. How am I supposed to know?
Hm,they sound worried. 
Well done Sherlock,I imitated Zed as he elbowed me and rolled his eyes. We strained our ears but strangely enough,we heard nothing. Until...
The front floor we had both been leaning on suddenly swung open and we both fell onto the floor. I lifted up my head to stare at my mother's feet.
"Home already boys?"

Chapter 4:
Alexandria
I called out goodbyes to my new friends Damien and Cleo and then continued my path out of school. I especially liked that time of day best. The moment when you felt like a free bird out in the wild,soaring out of your cage into the bright blue sky as school finally finished. The way home was beautiful. I took the long route home,through the park,where you could watch the squirrels play and listen to the songs of the hummingbirds. It was pretty peaceful actually. I felt blessed. The air was filled with the chirrups and tweets of birds and the quiet cheeky chattering of squirrels as they fought over the acorns scattered on the ground as I skipped through,oblivious to the approaching somebody behind me. I should have heard the low hum of the engine but I was too engrossed and my brain,which could never stay rooted in one place was somewhere else. Suddenly a motorbike appeared beside,slowing down as it neared me,then sped off again into the distance,leaving me standing there like a complete moron. Zach Benedict had struck again. But I still couldn't figure out why. The boy was just so darn perfect- the grades,the charisma,the looks. It was all probably to intimidate me. I definitely did not see the point though. I was barely just five foot two and he stood a couple of inches towering over an impressive six foot. Why would someone like him want anything to do with me?
Casting thoughts of Zach out of my head I finally got home,in time to be greeted with the fresh smell of Shepherd's Pie just out of the oven.
"Oooh,something smells good," I sighed,rubbing my hands in anticipation,as I skipped into the kitchen and slapped my brother about the head.
"Hey!" he protested,sticking his tongue out at me. No one would believe that he was fourteen. Heck,people still seemed surprised that I was sixteen. To be honest no one in our family was actually mature. Take our dad for example- the man was crazy and immature as if he was born yesterday,so how did you expect the rest of the family to prosper. My mum and dad were soulfinders,but their differences were too many. My mum was an intellectual woman,a lawyer in fact and had never ever failed an exam once in her life. My dad was the guy who failed his GCSEs on purpose over a bet,though somehow,he still managed to get into uni and prosper as a criminal psychologist. But they loved each other so. You could see that plain as day,as my dad glided into the kitchen and swooped a kiss onto my mum's lips.
"Uh,dad? I'm trying to eat here?" my brother Park said jokingly.
"Son,one day,you'll find her and know how perfect the moment is," my dad replied squeezing my mum's shoulder.
"I feel sorry for the poor girl," I snorted with laughter and my dad struggled,trying his best not to join in as Park scowled.
"Shut up Alex!"
"Love you too,bro," I muttered ruffling Park's hair,much to his annoyance. His hand flapped about in thin air,trying desperately to hit me,but of course he failed miserably.
"Sucker," I mumbled under my breath,as I glided out of the kitchen,remembering I had promised Damien and Cleo that I would meet them at a café somewhere nearby after school.
"Bye!" I called out as I shut the door behind me.
Zach
"Wait what?" I spluttered,choking on my chocolate biscuits,much to my brothers' amusement. Zed's soulfinder,Sky kicked him as he snickered from my little,shall we say,accident. Zed was the first and only brother to have found his soulfinder and I was happy for them,but I could tell that my oldest brother,especially Victor and Trace,couldn't help but feel a little envy.
"You're kidding,right?" I looked around at everyone's faces,hoping that at least one of them would be joking. The whole family had gathered round in the living room,but none of them spoke up,unless you counted Zed's snickering.
"No,sweetheart. The Kellys really are back," Mum replied in a sympathetic voice,as if she was soothing a five-year-old. Oh what I would do to be young and five again,able to easily crawl into my mother's lap whenever I was frightened,but now...Well,I stood towering a foot over my mum,so I guess that would be quite difficult. I saw Sky shift in Zed's lap as his grip around her waist tightened. My brother always was protective over his soulfinder,especially when it came to the Kellys. Sky's gaze flickered to the floor,uncomfortable with the conversation's topic. She was not the only one.
"That's why we all need to be careful," Mum continued in a hushed tone,as if someone was listening in at that exact moment. "Be careful when you go out boys,especially you Zach. You're reckless at the best of times." I was not reckless! But I decided not to protest because that would have made me seem even more immature. My brothers were all nodding like wise old men and I felt like the little kid,still not understanding the whole concept of how the Kellys did escape. I tended to zone out when I panicked. The conversation slowly died to my relief,even though I still wanted to know more,and I turned towards the front door to leave when Mum called out my name.
"Zach sweetie,I know sometimes your brothers can be a little too much to handle,but please be safe. There are things out there beyond us.,so promise me you'll be careful." I wanted to protest and say that I could look after myself but I did not want to worry my mum further so I nodded.
"I promise."
"So why so late?" my best friend Tez asked as I sat into my reserved seat in the cafe.
"Family emergency," I muttered. I could hardly tell him that bloodthirsty criminals were after my family. Non-savants would not understand.
"Hey,you ever noticed that new girl?" Tez asked,just as I burnt my lip form my coffee.
"You okay?"
"Yeah." The new girl. Damn,I hadn't thought about her for a long time. Not that I would think about her of course.
"Who?" I asked,a little too obliviously.
"Look over there." I think I froze at that moment. Wait,she was here? Alex,I think her name was. I turned around,a little too quickly to find her standing in the light of the café,a bright smile on her face as she laughed while a Damien was talking.
"Oh her."
"Yes her. Isn't she kind of hot?" I felt slightly uncomfortable when he said that even though I knew it was true. She was pretty but seemed to not notice that.
"Mm. Hey,I'm going to go grab another coffee,yeah? I could do with one," I said,climbing from my seat and walking backwards towards the till. I turned around. Another body collided into mine and the other person slipped,tumbling into my arms,boiling coffee now drenching my T-shirt. But instead of anger,I felt butterflies in my stomach,when I realised who it was.
Thank you all so much for all your revies! You guys are amazing! Please keep them coming. I tried to make my chapter slightly longer as well. Hope you liked it! xxx

Chapter 5
Alexandria
I am officially the clumsiest person alive. How could I not have seen him? He towered over six foot tall,and had the figure of a God- boys like him were kind of hard to miss. But of course I,the clumsiest person in the universe,had been walking around daydreaming like a lunatic only to stumble into him and spill all my coffee over him. But at first,right after the impact,I had to admit,that moment was legendary. I felt like a princess in his arms,as he held me there looking into my eyes. It was only a few seconds but the way I remembered it,it would seem we had been standing like that for the whole evening.
I stood up,tying hard not to slip and make a worse fool of myself,his hand on my back supporting me. I did not want him to move,but I guess it would have seemed slightly strange if we had stood there,in the middle of the café,looking like we were in the middle of ballroom dancing dip.
Zach
"I'm so sorry!" she gushed,her large doe eyes widening. She looked so adorable then,definitely huggable material. But of course,I would never say that out loud.
"It's okay,my fault too," I muttered,bending down to pick up the empty cup from the floor.
"Oh God,does it burn?" I had totally forgotten about the hot burning coffee drenching my T-shirt until then. But once she had reminded me,the burning finally took its toll. I would have probably looked like such a moron in front of her,jumping around,trying to peel off my soaking T-shirt from my chest. Alexandria stood there helpless,trying to help me out.
"I'm so sorry. Let me help you!" she said. I tried to stand still,keeping my calm,playing the cool man,but of course I failed miserably. I wished I could have been more like Zed or Xav,always looking macho in front of all the girls.
"It's okay. I've got this," my mouth replied,but my body was screaming "NO,I TOTALLY DO NOT HAVE THIS AT ALL!" I finally came to a still position and tied for an award-winning smile. Always works with the girls. But instead of swooning,she looked at me as if she had just broken my favourite vase and had come to apologise. The puppy eyes melted my heart like chocolate on a radiator.
"I'll just go clean up. Don't worry about it. See you tomorrow at school!" I called,with a flirty wink as I disappeared into the bathroom like a pro. Nicely done,Zachary Benedict. Nicely done. My brothers would be proud.
Luckily she wasn't there to witness me jumping around the bathrooms,struggling to clean off the coffee spill. Changed into the new T-shirt I had bought on the way in a store down the road,I came out. To my disappointment,Alexandria was long gone but there was a surprise waiting for me on my table. It was just a coffee,my favourite kind- lots of milk,lots of sugar- but the note attached made all the difference.
For Zach,
I am so so so sorry! I hope you're okay. Here's a coffee to compensate for my clumsiness.
From Alexandria
P.S. SORRY
A smile appeared on my face as I sipped the froth of the coffee,a warm fuzzy feeling in my chest.
Alexandria
"Do you think he'll be mad at me?" I asked Cleo and Damien as we left the café.
"And why do you care so much?" Cleo asked,with her eyebrow raised,clearly amused. I rolled my eyes. I knew where this conversation was heading
"I don't. I just feel bad,you know?"
"Uh-huh," Damien said,joining in now. "You definitely do not care if he thinks you're clumsy or not."
"You think he thinks I'm clumsy?" I asked. True,I was,but I didn't want him to know that.
"Yep,she definitely does not care."
"Shut up." Of course it was not like that. He was hot,sure. But that was not a matter of opinion with him. It was a fact. Those to-die-for cheekbones,the messy yet intentional brown hair,the killer jawline and that body of a freaking Rock God- need I say more?
"It's nothing like that," I protested.
"Sure,sure," they both replied in unison,before bursting into laughter.
"Admit it,you think he's hot."
"What? He is. But I'm not the only one. It's nothing more than that,okay?" I said unconvincingly. We separated at the fork in the road,and I skipped my way down the road. Zach. That boy was something alright. But I definitely was not going to admit to anyone that I had something for a shallow popular hot guy. I was different from other girls. I refused to be the same. Where they would swoon and faint in his presence,I would stand unfazed. At least I thought so.
Zach
Of course Mum had a go at me when I got home at nine that night. Usually where she would not have batted an eyelid,now she was stressed whenever one of us,appeared a tad late or a second after curfew. Yes,I had a curfew- don't tell anyone.
"But Mum-" I began to protest. But my mum silenced me. If it related to her sons' safeties she would not be having any of it.
"Sweetie,promise me you'll be here earlier," she said,extending her hand,again. The amount of promises she had made me make was insane. She knew that I would never break a promise. It just was not me. In all my life,I had never ever broken a promise. Ever.
"I promise." Reluctantly,I placed my hand on top of my mums,sealing the promise. Guess I would have to come up with another silly excuse for missing Tez's party on Saturday. The things I do for my family. When I went into the living room,my brothers were not any better.
"Where've you been,Perfect Boy?" Perfect boy? Heck if they knew...
"Hmm? I was chilling at some hot pool party," I replied,winding Zed up.
"Dude enough with the sarcasm. Where've you been?"
"At the café. I'm not like you guys- I'm a good boy," I replied,but the second those words left my mouth,my brothers and I burst out laughing,except for Vick,who rolled his eyes and left the room,marking us all down as immature. He was only here for a few days,but he kept acting like he owned the place.
"I might have even believed that if Yves had said it!" Yves smirked,but then Xav added,"Though there is an extremely slim chance...like 0.01%!" I snickered.
"Made add a couple more zeros after that decimal point and you might have the correct answer. You were always hopeless at maths,Xav," I said. "Now if you'll excuse me,I'm off to bed. Need my beauty sleep after all."
"You go do that Sleeping Beauty,I've got work to do," Xav called as I left the room and headed upstairs. My brothers could be such a pain sometimes.
Hi again! I'm trying to write new chapters as often as possible. Please excuse any mistakes. And thank you again for all the reviews- you guys are all so awesome. Thanks so much! xxx

Zach
I liked the Light. It was a place where I could go to be alone with my guitar and play and sing whatever I liked,knowing that no one could interrupt me in this world. I finished the lyrics of my new song that I had spent the whole of last period History writing. It reflected on my savant gift- the gift of persuasion. No wonder all the teachers could not help liking me,even though I had to admit,sometimes I acted like a real pain in the ass. I packed away my guitar,and rushed out,not wanting to be late for Mac and Cheese night. I bolted for the back door,which was nearest to where I had parked the car and pushed it open. Maybe it as a pull door. I pulled. Fail. I took a step back and then gave it an almighty push,hearing a loud bang on the other. Oh no.
A girl collapsed to the floor,clutching her head. Shoot. I was such a moron.
"Did I hit you?" I asked,kneeling down beside the girl,to help her up.
The girl looked up,hair pulled back in a sweet braided crown and rubbed her forehead with the sleeve of her jumper. Different,it read. You could say that for sure. Alexandria was definitely different from any other girl.
"No the door hit me by itself," she replied sarcastically,as I bit my lip,trying hard not to laugh. It would look really bad if I hit her in the face and then started laughing in her face.
"Sorry,I didn't mean to," I apologised,trying for puppy eyes. They were definitely not going to be as good as hers,but I have known for my award-winning innocent face.
"It's ok," she mumbled,wincing.
"Oh God,we need to take you to hospital," I said,noticing the rising red bump on her forehead. I was in deep water here.
"Is it really that bad?" she asked,worriedly as I lent her my hand to help her up. It was becoming slightly darker now,but it was especially dark in that little alleyway. Suddenly,a bright light flashed over us,flooding the alleyway with light. The headlights of my car to be exact.
"Yo dude,how's it going?" Tez called,his head jutting out from the window.
"Uh,we have a situation over here,Tez!" I replied,placing my hand on Alex's back to guide her forward.
"It's ok,I can walk by yourself you know," she said,walking ahead of me to the parked car. I shrugged. So I guess trying to be the gentleman failed. I had thought British girls might like that. At least,that was what Zed had told me. And he had been together with Sky,who was from Britain for about a few months at the least.
"Um bro,what is going on here?" Tez said,coming out of his car.
"Dude I need to borrow your car. I need to get Alex to hospital. Oh wait," I paused,remembering Tez had not been formally introduced to Alex yet.
"Alex,this is Tez. Tez,Alex."
"Hey," Tez began,then noticed Alex's injury.
"Whoa,what happened? Did you get hit by like a car or something?" I rolled my eyes. Tez could be so stupid sometimes.
"Or something," Alex replied,glaring in my direction. Oops.
"A door. Enough about that," I said,opening the front passenger door for Alex to climb in. She did not look like she appreciated it at all. I got into the driver's seat myself.
"Keys." Tez chucked me the keys and I started the car.
"Seatbelt," I called,as Tez passed me Alex's seatbelt and I fastened it for her.
"You do realise that I can put on my seatbelt myself,right?" she asked.
"Of course you can," I said,winking,hoping to lighten her mood. She did not look amused.
"But Alex,I'm really sorry," I said,trying to sound as genuinely sincere as possible. She opened her mouth to say something,but stopped and frowned.
"Are you okay?" I asked. She nodded.
"Of course I am." She looked like she had second doubts,however,her frown disagreeing with her words.
"Nope." She turned round and emptied out her insides onto Tez's shoes. Oh God,no.
"My shoes!"Tez cried out aloud. For crying out loud...
"I'll buy you new ones!" I yelled as we sped off before he could protest.
Alexandria
I did not feel well. At all. And being in a car did not help one tiny bit. Sure I had never been carsick before,but now,I kept feeling as if I was about to hurl out my insides every time the car braked. I felt relieved once we got into the hospital and realised there were not many people in the waiting room. I don't think I could have waited. I felt uncomfortable. I had just puked in front of the hottest boy in the whole school and had a massive blob attached to my forehead. Ouch. Talk about looking my worst. I could have done much better at three am in the morning with my hair in its usual morning mess.
"Her name is Alexandria Bishop," Zach was saying to the receptionist when I finally zoned in again. So he did remember my name after all. I felt a smile coming on but instead coughed to clear it away. I would have looked like a damn right moron,smiling with a lump on my head. When we finally got called up,we were directed to a boy who stood towering way past the limit of six foot. Great. I was in a room with two insanely tall boys and I myself hovered just above five foot two.
"Seriously? You?" Zach asked,running a hand through his hair when he saw the other boy.
"Gee bro,don't be rude." Then I realised. This had to be one of the famous Benedict brothers I had been hearing about. The height,the charisma and the flawless auras,these boys really had it all.
"Hi,I'm Xav. I'm a medical student but they let me check out a couple of patients. So it's nice to meet you,sunshine," Zach's brother said,extending a hand. I shook it hesitantly.
"Dude get a move on,already. I need to take Alex back," Zach said,tapping his foot impatiently on the floor. Xav just rolled his eyes.
"People these days. Don't appreciate doctors. Now if you'll kindly step outside while check up Miss Bishop over here..."
"You seem perfectly fine to me. An ice pack should do the tick,that's all," Xav concluded,with a smile as he handed me the ice pack.
"So then why did I vomit?"
"Probably something you ate or drank. Or maybe it was just a reaction to meeting that jerk," he said pointing behind the curtains,from where Zach's face appeared.
"They're curtains. I can still hear you through them bro."
"Um excuse me. The patient wants her privacy. Can you not disturb?" Xav replied,drawing the curtains back in his face. I chuckled. A few minutes later we were back in the car,ready to leave.
"I'm so sorry you had to be pulled into this mess," Zach apologised,running a hand through his hair,looking so cute at that moment. That boy was...
"It's okay," I replied smiling,even though now I was late for dinner and my brother and sister probably would have scoffed all of dessert.
"Thanks." I looked at him confused.
"For what?"
"For keeping a clear head in there. You're a real nice girl,Alex. You know that?" I smiled,looking up at him. His eyes were so blue. They were like the ocean on a summer's day. Tranquil and calm,yet deep and limitless. I felt like I was about to fall into them.
"Thanks."
I was kind of unsure of this chapter at first. Please tell me if it was good or not. And thank you again for all the reviews. You guys are all so amazing and please keep them coming. Thanks xxx

Chapter 7
Zach
Math again. Math was one of those subjects that were just so pointless no matter what everybody else said about needing it later on in life when you're running late for a bus or counting change or whatever. At least for a fact,I knew that I would never need to know about calculus or quadratic equations. But nonetheless,I was always the one who ended up with top marks in the class. How? Well for one,everyone else was how do I put this...stupid. And two,I guess Yves' intellect rubbed off on someone. But I always downplayed my intellectual accomplishments. Being a brainiac may have worked well for Yves but I was the charming youngest son of the family. The one who everyone simply assumed was perfect. It's quite a tiring position to maintain,especially when you have seven other famous brothers,who were practically always the main topic of the Wrickenridge gossip train. So when I got my paper back,decorated a nice big fat E,to say I was disappointed was the least.
"Well done to Miss Bishop who scored 100% on this test," Miss Granger called out,smiling at Alex as she passed her. Alex did not seem to be surprised really,but heck,I definitely was. Clever and pretty. Could she get any better? I sort of envied her for that,to be honest with you. She was so beautiful,but she didn't even see it. She was clever but she downplayed it,covering up her accomplishments with the curtain of modesty. And most of all,I could not get her out of my head. I looked down at my own E. With all the commotion with the Kellys,I had not had time to concentrate on my schoolwork. Great Lord help me out here!
"I'm quite disappointed in you Mr Benedict," Miss Granger muttered,passing me. I felt a pang in my chest. It was only a stupid grade but I liked Miss Granger. She was one of the teachers who actually cared about how well her students did,no matter if they cared or not. Honestly,the woman was like a mother to me. But how could I explain that I had been busy tracking evil criminals using my supernatural powers? It would sound insane. Heck,it was insane. But just then,an idea formed in my mind. Of course,this grade was just a one off but Alex didn't know it. And she seemed like the kind of nice soul who would help a poor idiot like me. After class,I skipped forward,shoving past the crowd to Alex,who seemed to be alone without her two friends for now.
"Hey Alex," I called,seeing that I had clearly scared her,from those wide eyes. "How are you?" She looked at me,suspiciously. Well done,Zach. The poor girl probably thought was going to prank her or something like that. I had to prove that I was a gentleman and not some shallow popular jerk like she thought I was. Ashamed of it,yes,but I ad heard some of her thoughts earlier when she was referring to me as the 'shallow popular jerk'. It was not quite the image I was going for really.
"Oh hi," she replied,continuing on,as I stood behind her. Great.
"Um,I just came to congratulate you on your grade in math. Well done," I smiled down at her. She looked down,flustered at the compliment,reminding me of Zed's soulfinder,Sky.
"Well thank you. I've heard you're not quite so stupid yourself either." The similarities stopped there. This girl was not exactly the sweet sugar plum fairy I had mistaken her for. But the tone in her voice was rather humorous rather than spiteful. Dammit.
"Actually,saying I'm good at math would be like saying that crocodiles nibbled." She frowned.
"Really now?" I thought I heard a hint of sarcasm in her voice. Oh well. I was not going to give up now.
"Yep. I think I'm failing," I said,hoping that she would take the hint.
"Well..." she began,slowing down slightly until we came to a stop. "I could tutor you if you wanted?"
"Great!" Too enthusiastic Zachary Benedict. Too much. "I mean yeah,I guess that would be quite helpful. Um,you free today then?"
"Uh,yeah sure?" I frowned at the question mark in her statement.
"My place then,at four. Sweet," I decided to clear off before I messed up again and said something stupid. Usually,I was cool and charming around girls but Alex... The girl was something else,that's for sure.
I watched her leave,her ponytail swinging behind her,then turned,a grin coming onto my face,when I bumped into the last person I wanted to see at that moment. My dear twin brother Zed. Twins we may be,but he definitely acted as if he was years older than me,and not just three hours.
"Whatcha doing bro?" Zed asked,his eyebrows raised,clearly amused by the situation. I briefly wondered exactly how much of that he had witnessed.
"Um..." Great. This had to be the one time I did not have anything to come back at my brother with. Curse my damned luck.
"Who was that little birdie?" He asked,with a teasing tone. I was going to kill him. Suddenly Sky appeared at his side.
"Zed stop teasing Zach. He can date anyone he wants to."
"I'm not dating anyone,okay? She's just a,um..." I just had to keep digging the hole that was already too deep for my liking. "My tutor." The whole truth and nothing but the truth. Eat that,Zed.
"A tutor?" Zed snorted. "For what? You're like,a genius." I couldn't help but smile.
"Math," I mumbled and pushed past him,leaving him on a cliffhanger. I loved doing this to him. He was so fun to tease.
"And what do you think you are doing?" I asked as Xav stretched out on a chair,his legs resting on the dining table.
"Um,sitting down?"
"Not now. Not here. My tutor's coming over." Zed chose that moment to but into the conversation and grant us all with his unwanted presence.
"Yeah,his tutor." I wanted to kick him so badly but then of course if I did that,it would be plain that I was hiding something.
"Yes,well done Zed. You can hear me correctly." I shot back,willing for him to shut up.
"And who is this tutor may I ask?"
"No,you may not because it is none of your business." I looked at the mess on the dining table. We were better off upstairs.
"Zach!" Mum called. "Pop out and buy some milk,would you sweetie? We're running out." I rolled my eyes and checked my watch. i still had about an hour left until Alex arrived.
"Okay," I sighed and rushed out of the door. Why was in such a hurry anyway? But even as I thought that the idea of seeing Alex again thrilled me. The queue at the supermarket was murder. Why could people have not chosen a different day to do their grocery shopping? I sighed and tapped m foot impatiently. i checked my watch again. Strange. Why was it still three? With dread in my stomach,I checked my phone. Oh no. 3:59 suddenly changed to 4:00,as if fate was smiling down on me,laughing at my unfortunate situation. My life was awesome,wasn't it?
I'm not really sure if this chapter is good. Please read and review it- that would be so helpful. Thank you guys so much! xxx

Chapter 8
Alexandria
I lingered outside the front door,wondering whether to knock or not. I didn't even know him that well,did I? I clenched my fingers into a fist and brought my hand closer to the wooden surface of the door,ready to knock when a passing squirrel caught my attention. Damn you,short attention span. The little fellow stopped by my feet to stare up at me in fascination. I did not know why though. there was nothing really that amusing about me. I bent down to pat the fella's head.
"Hey there,little guy. What are you up to?" I asked as he jumped onto my shoulder,signaling the beginning of our friendship.
Acorns,he replied. Better start collecting before the winter comes. What are you doing at this house?
"I'm here for a,um..." I wondered. What was Zach exactly? I thought it quite extraordinary that he even knew I existed.
"A friend." Hopefully.
Who? The squirrel asked intrigued,but before I could answer,the door swung open before I could reply and the squirrel immediately fled,scurrying his way up the oak tree in the neighbouring house's front yard. I looked up at the figure in front of me. I could see why. I wish I could have joined the guy up the tree,though I doubted I could climb up any tree that fast.
"Ummm..." That was undoubtedly me. No one else could become speechless that easily. The boy in front of me was a monstrosity. He had the whole lone wolf at midnight look going for him and he definitely acted the part too.
"Who the hell are you?" Great. The boy was cute,I guess,but compared to Zach? He could not compete. Zach was something else altogether. He looked like the son of a God,a demigod perhaps,with that body and the hair and that killer jawline and the to-die-for cheekbones...
"Hello?" The boy waved his hand in front of my face. What on earth was I going on about? I was supposed to be the boy's tutor,not just another admirer. Me and my imagination.
"Oh yes,hello." I gave him my bright smile,to show him that I was not intimidated by him. It always annoyed the boys with the towering egos,which this guy definitely had. But for some reason,I could not stay mad at the guy. I felt like I knew him,as if he was my long-lost brother or something. Shut up Alex. What am I on about?
"I'm Zach's tutor. Assuming this is his house,of course..." Bloody hell. What if this wasn't his house? To hell with my eternally forgetful brain.
"It's not his house,but I guess he does live here. You better come in," he said,opening the door wider for me to get through. "Come through to the living room. It's just my brothers and my girlfriend here." I could tell from his tone,that this had to Zach's brother. It was the same tone of voice I used to talk about my eternally annoying brothers.
"Is Zach here? I asked.
"Nope,he's gone out to buy milk. The boy didn't realise that his watch stopped walking. He's late," the boy muttered. "I'm Zed by the way," he muttered,finally remembering his manners.
"Alexandria. But everyone calls me Alex." The living room was occupied by two other guys. Just more proof that Zach's good looks were genetic. But I could tell that Zach had definitely got an increased share in the looks department. Or maybe it was just me. Just when I finally got over my initial shock,just because God loves me so much,I got another one. A blonde girl entered the room. A very familiar girl.
"Alex?" her large blue eyes widened.
"Hey Sky," was all I could say as she ran forwards to embrace me.
Zach
My life sucked so much. I had managed to persuade a beautiful girl to be my math tutor and then while she's waiting for me at home,I'm stuck in a shopping queue in a grocery shop. Thoughts racing my mind as I tapped my foot impatiently,willing for everyone else to leave so I could get home quickly. What if Alex left,because she could not be bothered to wait for me anymore? I wouldn't blame her. She would probably hate me after this. Then another thought entered my head. A thought more dangerous than the first. Oh God. Mum had just left the house,so that meant it was just my brothers and Alex. Oh no. They would probably tell her every single embarrassing thing that had ever happened to me,just for the heck of it. If only they knew... Knew what? There was nothing going on between Alex and I but even as I thought that I felt as if I was lying to myself. Ugh,my life.
Bro,your tutor's here by the way. She's at the door,Zed told me telepathically much to my annoyance. I could hear the amusement in his voice. I just wanted to kick him in the groin so badly and then run away.
Please please please be nice.
Hmm,I don't know. We'll see.
God I hated him so much right now. Finally I reached the till and I slammed the milk down onto the counter so hard I thought it would burst. Calm down for God's sake Zach. But I could not.
"Please hurry up."
"Oh hey Zach," said the person behind the counter and to my horror,I realised with a start that it was Stevie MacDonnell. Oh God no. Stevie MacDonnell had been in love with me for forever,and I did not need Xav to tell me so,to realise that. She twirled her long locks of hair. Alex had such beautiful hair. It was always tied up though,but still,that cute fringe that framed her face,never ceased to melt my insides.
"Hurry up Stevie," I muttered. Any more time spent here and she would be all over me,from the way she leaned across the counter. I pulled out five dollars and then ran off with the milk,yelling "Keep the change!"
I floored the accelerator and zoomed off,not giving a damn about whatever the speed limit was.
Alexandria
I could not believe it. Sky and I had gone to saxophone lessons together back in England and I could not believe I would be seeing her again. I had ha her number,but I never thought I would see her face to face again.
"I can't believe you were a savant and I never realised. Then again,I don't realise a lot of things." Everyone laughed along and I felt a warmth in my chest. Once you got to know them,the boys were really quite nice. And friendly. Even Zed,the lone wolf boy.
"Well,Zed helped me to realise that first," she said,looking into her soulfinder's eyes. You could see their love for each other radiating from h=their hearts as plain as day. My heart ached slightly. I had never been in a relationship before and had always claimed that I did not want to be. I always gave the whole "I'm a fee and single chick," speech whenever asked why I hadn't ever had a boyfriend,ever kissed anyone. But the truth was,I wanted that. I wanted what Zed and Sky had. That enduring love for each other. The thought that there was someone like that for me in this world was mind-blowing. But as I watched Zed and Sky who was perched on his lap,as if they had been together for centuries now,I wished I could have that too.
Suddenly a knock on the door brought me to my senses,and the grief in my chest was replaced with butterflies,fluttering around in my stomach,ready to set flight off to an unknown world. Zach appeared in the doorway,with Zed behind him,annoyed that he had to be the one to open the door. Zach's eyes fell on mine,and I felt a strange feeling in my chest. He looked so... magical. He was clearly panting,with a carton of milk in his hand,dented in several places as if he had bashed someone with it. His jaw was clenched,defining his unbearably sexy jawline. I nearly died just looking at him.
I hope you guys liked this chapter because I definitely liked writing it. Aren't they just so adorable? Please keep the reviews coming. They are so good and I really want to hear more. It's definitely motivating me to write more. Thanks again for all the reviews and views. Love you guys xxx

Chapter 9
Zach
"Wait you're a savant too?" I was dumbfounded. Absolutely shocked beyond...anything.
"Um yeah," Alex replied,her large eyes gazing back at me,making me weak at the knees. How could someone do that to me with just one look,one stare? She was definitely something special,that's for sure. "That's so...strange." She read my mind. It really was. But it tugged at a question deeply buried in my mind. A question that I had tried so hard all my life to not stumble upon,in case of heartache. A question that I didn't want to find the answer to. Alex suddenly looked flustered. I couldn't help but wonder if she was thinking the same thing as me. If she was...if we were...What would I do? No one else had noticed that there might be something strange about this- that there might be a tiny possibility. She and I were in the same year at school,same age and we were both savants. I wanted to reach out to her,but I didn't have the courage. I didn't want to face being disappointed. It would be like plummeting down with hard realisation after shooting up to the stars and beyond. The fall would hurt.
"Um,I have to go," Alex muttered,checking her phone and frowning,suggesting that something was wrong. I wanted to follow her out as Zed let her out of the door,surprisingly playing the gentlemen probably to impress Sky. I wanted to run to her and contact her. Connect with her and have her answer back,her voice filling my mind,but...I didn't dare. And ok,I'll admit it,I was a coward but I couldn't bring myself to do it. Time passed and the conversation shifted to a totally different topic,but my mind stayed in the same place. With Alex. How I hadn't gone after her.
"I have to go," I mumbled,getting up for the door. Yves frowned,extending a hand out to stop me.
"Where are you going? You just got back. And besides,you're not allowed to be out after dark," he said. I rolled my eyes. They had to stop assuming that I was incapable of looking after myself I was sixteen! Heck,they even trusted Zed,who was my twin,but nope,not me. Why? Because everyone was always out to get me. The youngest - even though it was by a couple of minutes- was always the most vulnerable,they assumed. I wanted to prove them wrong. But first... I had something important to do. Something that might change my life forever.
"I can look after myself you know," I muttered,only to be stopped again by Xav.
"Bro,seriously,where are you going?" I snapped. Completely. I was always supposed to be the perfect boy in the family. Yves was the intellectual and had definitely made our parents proud. Everyone loved him. Xav was the family charm,the boy who could charm his way through a fog or a forest. Zed,the boy who every girl fantasized over,and had his whole lone wolf thing going for him,not a worry in his life. And then me. The last boy in the family,the one who everyone expected to be perfect,the one who had so many legendary expectations set after my brother left to live up to,the one who everyone just assumed had the perfect life.
"I'm not perfect!" I yelled,speaking to myself more than anyone else. "I can decide where I want to go,and what I want to do. I'm sixteen. Why does everyone feel like I'm the damsel in distress,the one who always needs rescuing? Because I'm not. I'm stronger than that,okay? I can fight for myself!" Expelling out the rage inside of me,I pushed past Yves and made for the door,leaving everyone still shocked in the living room. Immediately I regretted it,Alex was nowhere to be found on the street,leaving em alone on the road. It wasn't their fault. They probably assumed that this was some regular teenage strop. I would have a lot of explaining left when I got home. I didn't want to face all that. So I headed for the cafe,the place where Alex had spilled that coffee on me. The memory sent a thrill through me. I really had to see her. I needed to see her. I couldn't stand not knowing. I wanted to run up to her and find out the truth. Despite myself,I headed towards the woods instead,a place where I could think in peace and know that no one could interrupt my thoughts. I sighed,still unable to take away the fear,the fear that she might not be who I thought she was. Honestly,I hoped she was. Zed had said that he had felt something,seen something different about his soulfinder Sky,that she stood out from the crowd. I could relate. lex was like no other girl I had ever encountered in my entire life. She was something else altogether. I barely even knew her but I could tell that she was someone special. I just hoped what I felt was right. Because if it was not,the disappointment would be too much to deal with. Suddenly a deafening shot rang out in front of me,dispelling the thoughts of Alex from my mind. Something embedded itself with a horrifyingly loud noise in the tree trunk behind me,missing my head by millimeters. Without thinking anymore,I dove for cover,the only impulse in my mind to stay alive. Another shot rang out,penetrating the space I had previously occupied. I was such an idiot. How long had I been standing out here anyway? A couple more shots rang out,and I gulped contemplating my options. There weren't many,that's for sure. So,I didi the one sane thing I could think of. I ran. For my life.
Alexandria
Of course I was thinking about it. All the while I walked home,my feet carrying me home,but my mind elsewhere. Could Zach be...I didn't dare dwell on it. He was Zachary Benedict,every girl's heartthrob,definitely no match for someone like me. A nobody who no one ever looked back at twice. Who no one remembered the face or name of. I wanted to cry for some strange reason. Everyone thought that I had such a perfect life. I didn't ever want anyone to know. To know what my life really was like. I always pretended that I was fine,to fool others but I think the real reason was to fool myself. I felt like I had to stay strong,for my family's sake. My family,who always seemed happy no matter how much grief they were really going. When I got home,the doctor was already there,checking up my mother as my family stood by their side. In fact,he was leaving by the time I arrived.
"What happened?" I asked,my panic showing in my voice. The doctor smiled at me,reassuringly.
"False alarm sweetheart. You're mother's fine this time." This time. She was only fine this time. But God knows what would happen next time. I sighed with relief all the same,coming closer to sit by my mother's bed. She didn't always seem this bad. I hadn't worried about for a couple of days now. But suddenly...Every once in a while,she'd become ill,reminding me of the burden she was carrying. Cancer was a really horrible thing.
"Oh God,I was so worried," I exclaimed,as Dad escorted the doctor outside,leaving us kids with Mum. She smiled at all of us. The smile that would light up the whole world. She was the sun in all of our lives. But there was a bigger power at work,threatening to destroy our sun forever. Well that was not going to happen. Not as long as I was here to stop it.
"I'm fine. I'll be up and running,all well in no time." She was just saying that. She was in the grasp of cancer but no one knew when it was going to let her go,to fall back to the ground. No one knew if she would survive the fall. But there was a reason why she was like this. A man,who had ruined her life. Most savants out there would compile their powers to put criminals in their place,work together like an army of spies to bring down masterminds with their talent. But our family stopped doing that last year. Because of that one man. Daniel Kelly.
I am so sorry this chapter took so long. I've been slightly busy with some school work. I really am sorry. I don't know when the next chapter will be available,possibly by next weekend,but I'll try to update as soon as possible. Anyway,I hope you like this chapter and I hope that I didn't rush it. I really loved the reviews and all the support. You guys are so awesome,you know that? Please keep them coming. They really motivate me to write. Thank you so much,and enjoy! Love you guys,xxx

Chapter 10
Zachary
As Xav gently healed the throbbing bump on my forehead,I leaned back,my eyes closed,straining my ears to listening to what my dad was saying in the living room.
"I still can't believe you went off like that!" Xav exclaimed,his brows furrowed,telling me that he was still mad at me for not listening to him. Thinking back,I had been very stupid. Why did I even go out in the first place? I wanted to kick myself for being so stupid. So inconsiderate and so immature. "We were all so worried!" I resisted the urge to roll my eyes. If I wanted to be taken seriously,I was going to have to act the part.
"I'm sorry bro,I really am," I said,softening my tone of voice so that he would forgive me. He narrowed his eyes at me suspiciously.
"Are you using your gift on me?"
"Definitely not," I protested. Okay,maybe I was,but only a bit. But then again,what's the use of having the gift of persuasion if you're not allowed to use it? My gift wasn't exactly as powerful as Victor's,but I did have a few extra talents like being able to read people's thoughts at times,better than even Zed. "I am genuinely sorry." Xav looked at me worriedly,as Zed came into the room,sighing with relief at the sight of me.
"Thank God it wasn't a big injury. You should have stayed at home,bro,like you were supposed to." I rolled my eyes. Seriously? Sometimes I honestly felt like Zed was my older brother rather than my twin. He always made it seem that way. We ha that strange twin bond though between us,where you feel as if you can sense the other's emotions,except since we were savants I guess that bond was multiplied. And right now,I could tell that he was hella mad at me,but anger was overruled by the relief that I hadn't died. Sky appeared at Zed's side,biting her lip in worry. I couldn't blame her.
Mum came into the room,tears glistening in her eyes. I suddenly felt terrible. I was an absolute idiot. Mum had only set all those rules for my safely and here I was,throwing a strop because no one in the world understood me. My grief immediately felt like a tiny dot compared Mum's pain.
"Sweetheart..." she began and then came forward to pull me into a hug. I definitely needed it. Suddenly I didn't want to grow up anymore. I wanted to go back to the younger days,when I could easily crawl into my mum's arms whenever I had a problem. But my brothers had grown up so quickly so I felt that I had to too. Now I realised,that that was a stupid thought. My mum would always be here for me,no matter what happened. Dad,Vic and Yves came into the room. I wondered where my other brothers would be. No doubt on their way here. Everyone always came rushing over when something happened to me. Although it was amazing to know they cared for me so much,it did make me feel slightly vulnerable,as if I couldn't cope with it myself.
"Are you sure they aimed for your head?" Vic clarified,using his serious tone of voice. Heck,that was his normal tone of voice. I don't think he had any other. The boy had definitely missed down on the humour gene.
"Um,yes." Wasn't it obvious? "Either that,or they aimed for my arm but had a terrible aim. I don't think the Kellys would appoint a terrible shooter to kill me." I wish I hadn't said that. Everyone winced at that,even Vic who was practically incapable of emotion. Even I winced. I would have been dead. That was not a nice thought.
"We can't be exactly sure that it was the Kellys,but we can take a pretty good guess. If they've come straight for you,it definitely can only mean one thing." Vic paused,not wanting to quite admit the truth. "Revenge."
Alexandria
I was hoping to see Zach at school the next day,but I never got the chance. I wanted to explain why I had had to go all of a sudden. Only later had I realised how awful that must have seemed. Though I felt sad that I couldn't tell him exactly why. I couldn't tell anyone. They couldn't know. The day dragged on,but Zach kept entering my thoughts. What was wrong with me? Zach Benedict would not even look twice back at me if he could help it. I had to get him out of my head. Besides I had better stuff to do. After school,I decided to take my dog Pip for a walk. Pip was amazing. He was funny and good to talk to (my gift was to be able to talk to animals,which sounds crazy but it really isn't when you've spent your whole life doing it ). Pip suddenly decided to go for a run without me,leaving me stuck on my bum in the grass after I fell trying to catch the frisbee he'd thrown at me. That dog was insane sometimes. I didn't want to get up,I lacked the effort,so decided to wait out in the grass until Pip returned. I really hadn't felt like moving today and wouldn't have come out to the park anyway if Pip hadn't insisted. I sat there,staring up at the clouds,when suddenly a figure approached me,their shadow gaining me before the person. Okay,I'll admitted it,I freaked out. Until I realised that that person was Zach.
"Oh!" I exclaimed,immediately getting up and brushing the grass off my black jeans. I looked down at my jumper,which read I'd rather be sleeping. I couldn't have said it better myself. "I didn't expect you to be here." Great conversation starter Alex. He chuckled softly. He looked so cute in the fresh sunlight that shone bright in his face,lightening his angelic features.
"I'm sorry to startle you. I just wanted to say hi." He smiled slightly too nervously if you ask me.
"It's okay. And I'm so sorry for leaving so suddenly like that,it's just my mum-" I stopped in my tracks,just about managing to hold my tongue before it spilled out. "My mum called me to get back home urgently." Thank God he didn't ask why.
"It's okay,really." He paused,taking a deep breath. Maybe he was going to ask me... "When's your birthday?" I gulped. Oh God I was right. He had also thought about it. I felt my heart do a small leap of joy. He had thought about it,about me.
"Seventh of August," I said,my voice almost fading away. "You?" I looked at him hopefully. Please,please,please... He stared at me,looking quite speechless.
"A week earlier. Thirty first of July." I was dumbfounded. It was happening. And then,shattering my hopes like a large red fist through fragile glass,Melanie Parker showed up. Melanie,the mean blonde at our school,the one who seemed to always give me dirty looks in school,no matter which way I turned. I ignored them obviously,she did it to everyone. But most important of all,Melanie,who had the hugest crush on Zach. Maybe he liked her back. She was really pretty after all. I zoned out,not quite hearing what she was saying,but the next thing I know,I hear a bark. A very familiar bark. Pip. And as usual my life had great timing.
Thanks so much for all the reviews. I decided to not keep you guys waiting since the last chapter was left on a huge cliffhanger (sorry for that,but I love you guys). Please keep all the reviews coming,theya re absoluetly awesome. I'm not really sure when Zed's birthday is,so I guessed that it was the thirty first of July,which is when Zach would be born as well. I hope you guys like this chapter. Thanks again xxx

Chapter 11
Zachary
If I didn't already hate her,I definitely did now. Melanie Parker was a real pain in the backside. She just had to come up and ruin the moment didn't she? I was so hopeful,so sure,that Alex could be the one. The one that I had been looking for all my life and finally at that one beautiful moment,Melanie comes and ruins everything. That girl really didn't get the message,did she?
"Zach hi!" she exclaimed,leaning in close to me,destroying the conversation with her presence. She twirled her blond locks in on long finger,the nail painted a bright blue and fluttered her unbelievably long eyelashes,no doubt fake. She was hot,sure,but compared to Alex,she was absolutely nothing. Alex was beautiful. Just the thought of her sent shivers up and down my body and melted my heart into a puddle. No girl had ever done that to me before. I had never felt this way about anyone in my life,ever. It was scary but also the best feeling in the world. It was killing me ever so slowly. The way she would look over her shoulder when she left and smile that cute smile of hers that could light up entire countries. She was beautiful and she didn't even see it. She wasn't like Melanie,not like anyone else in this world. Se was something else.
"Melanie,could you excuse us?" I was about to turn my head,but Melanie would not stop talking.
"Where were you at school today? I was so worried!" I rolled my eyes,deliberately trying not to hide my unenthusiastic in her conversation. I turned to Alex,but she was gone,sending my heart plummeting to the ground. Where was she? My heart immediately began racing Was she in trouble? Was she mad at me that Melanie had turned up? Did she not want to find out? questions racing through my mind I stepped forward to try and go find her when a hand gripped my wrist.
"Zach." I twisted my hand out of Melanie's grasp. What was she doing?
"Melanie,I need to go," I insisted. She just fluttered her eyelashes and stepped even closer to me. It was pretty sickening actually.
"No you don't. You don't want to leave me,do you?" She inched closer,and I was about to step back,when my back hit the tree trunk,signaling a dead end. What was Melanie on about? I had to go find Alex? That was the most important thing right now. I had gotten Xav to cover for me,and had escaped home for a while. We were still on lockdown and I was not allowed to leave the house. The only reason I'd come out was to get some fresh air and hopefully see Alex. Definitely not Melanie.
"Oh God you're so hot up close," Melanie whispered,her face closing in on mine. Whoa. What the hell was she on about? Me and her? So maybe I had had a tiny little crush on her in sixth grade. Sixth grade. No more said. I definitely did not have an inkling of those feelings left inside me anymore. The only girl I could actually think about was Alex. She was amazing.
"What the-" She stopped me in my tracks. But not with words this time. To my horror,she inched even closer,and pressed her lips to mine,pulling me into a kiss. I had been expecting a kiss,but definitely not from Melanie.
Alexandria
Pip had seen someone. Someone that looked slightly too familiar to Felix,one of Kelly's minions,a guy who had tried to kill my family last year. Thank God he had failed. But he had still managed to cause the damage,the fatal blow. I strained my eyes,which were unable to identify anything beyond the bushes,due to my poor eyesight. Frustrated I pulled out my glasses from my satchel. Still no luck.
"Well looks like whoever it was is gone now." I took a deep breath. "But still,well done to you Pip. I salute thee." Pip bowed with pride,and we laughed,when suddenly a thought came racing back to me. Oh God,Zach. I had just left him. Again. Right after apologising to him for leaving him the first time. I really had to stop doing this. I hoped he wasn't annoyed at me,even though he had every right to be so. And at such a wonderful moment too.
"Give me a moment Pip," I muttered,leaving Pip to continue chasing his tail around a bush,as I went to find Zach. My heart somersaulted in the air as I walked through the park in search for him. He was so handsome that just at the sight of him,my heart would soar up the moon. I...I had never felt like this towards a boy before. I just wondered if he felt even part of how I felt towards me. I wasn't exactly your average beautiful blonde,not like Melanie Parker. People in school would probably assume that they were the perfect couple. I mean,they both had the looks and were practically the most popular kids in school. And then there was me. I rolled my eyes. Whatever. I was not going to degrade myself to some girl like Melanie. I knew just how mean she was,the fourth addition to the mean girls,if they ever felt like recruiting a new one. Melanie Parker was sickening. I didn't know how Zach could ever like someone like that. I turned a corner,the place I had left Zach as soon as Melanie had turned up. I wondered what he had thought about me. Then,that was when I saw it. An image that tore my heart right out of my chest.
Melanie.
In Zach's arms.
Kissing him.
My eyes were processing but my mind definitely was not. As if I had taken a physical blow to the chest,I staggered back,tripping over my own feet and stumbling out of sight. No,that could not be it. I wanted to go back in and rub my eyes to find it all part of my stupid imagination. But I was too much of a coward. They looked too perfect together,and I felt like the ugly sister as the prince and Cinderella finally reunited. I looked and felt like a dork. Pushing my sliding glasses up my nose,I turned on the balls of my feet and walked. Didn't care where;didn't care when. Just walked. Footsteps behind me echoed and I immediately picked up my pace until I was running out of the park,my hands clutching the strap of my satchel so hard,they had become one.
The warm presence of the sun had disappeared and the moon too had betrayed me on that evening,as I rushed out of the double doors,too scared to turn back at the footsteps that I could hear were a short distance behind. It hurt. I did not realise it would hurt so much. To find that the one person that is supposed to love you more than anyone in the world,no matter what will always be with you,does not even seem to acknowledge your existence. H wasn't mine. We were wrong. Of course he did not like me;he never did. A huge red fist clenched my stomach hard and squeezed until I felt ready to deposit my insides on the streets. The lump in my throat was too much to swallow. Too much to process. Tears began to prick at the corner of my eyes.
But I kept running.
I'll admit it,this chapter broke my heart. I hope you guys enjoyed it. Please keep the reviews coming. I had quite a bit of time today so I decided to write some more of the story for you guys. Please read and tell me what you think in the reviews. I love all the reviews- they are so motivating! Love you guys always xxx
