Chapter 1 
Melodia's POV
Secrets,always followed were ever I went. I learned that very fast as a young girl...What I didn't know,was that my soulmate had protected me against most of them,through years of my life,without I even knew. Lorcan had moved in with us a few months ago and since then our gifts had grown. It was weird,knowing,that our gifts had probably been growing stronger,than most of the other kids at the Collins Home,because we were near each other. Just thinking about,how must we knew about each others gifts and our own.. It was amazing what we could do together...how many lies he could shield me from and how many I could feel whenever he let me borrow his amazingly awakening lightning. With my gift,of looking into the sins,lies and fears of people,Lorcan was able to transform his lightning into impulses mimicking the impuls of pain. In my present he was able to paralyze another human being,and I was able to travel into their minds... even find the source of their lies.
To put in,in another way:if someone lied about something they knew,had seen or heard,someone else do... I would be able to find that person without even knowing anything about them.
Lorcan and I had been working closely together with the FBI and my father and uncles.. (mostly Victor) and it had NOT been boring. Stressfull and very... upsetting at times too. However,with everything slowly falling into place:my soulfinder safe,my brother home and all the weeding finally over..I was sure,we were going to be fine. Better than fine. Not perfect,but almost.
Talking about perfect,my new school. Alto,Lorcan and I all dropped out of High School only weeks after returning to Denver... High School just.. didn't work anymore. Lets just say that... going from a Savant World into a Mean Girls univers wasn't easy.
Our new school was only forty minutes from our house,and guess what? Will had gone there as well. It started in 9th grade and had people until the age of 21. This school was almost like our old one,except ONE little tiny thing. Fighting,spying (well it's really more like a detective class),shooting,tracking oh and criminology. Which... I should probably get back to.
"Miss Benedict!" my teacher mr. Tay says as I awake from my slumber. It's not that criminology is boring,quiet the opposite actually! However,I haven't slept for days. "MISS BENEDICT!" mr. Tay yells.
"Sorry Sir. " I whisper,leaning against the desk,as if it wasn't there.. I would be on the floor. The same nightmare has been hunting me for weeks now,almost every night,I wake up screaming in the middle of the night,crying about the name "Adelaide". And when I dont have that horrible nightmare,I search every corner for someone named "Adelaide". I even have a creepy inside of a closet with pictures,articles and red lines... yup I'm going crazy.
"Miss I will not watch you sleep in another of my lessons." mr. Tay says,calm but angry. I nod,looking into my textbook.
The nightmare was always the same,the girl in a white long shirt,dirty and with long dark hair covering most of her face... whispering names.. warnings that aren't clear enough for me to hear. And suddenly she is dragged away,by two dark shadows... leaving me screaming her name. And then I wake up. I cannot count how many times Alto or Lorcan have had to run though half of the house,to make sure I wasn't dying or something. Which it often feels like,when suddenly you are awoken at 6:30am to go to school..
I stumble out of class,almost aware of my soundings as I bump into someone. I fall on my butt,dropping my bag and my textbooks on the floor."I'm sorry.. I didn't see you." I mumble as I pick up my things,slowly one by one."It's okay." A small voice says. I look up,a girl,on her butt too smiles at me. "I'm Morgan," she smiles,as she gets up flipping her shoulder long mix of red and blonde hair behind her pierced ear."Melodia,but Mel is fine." I pick up my bag and asks:"aren't we in the same detective and fighting class?" She nods,"Yes,I'm surprised you've noticed. You dont talk to too many people around here. Barely seem no notice us." She smiles as we walk towards class."You mean.. I'm a loner,or perhaps I think I'm too good for you?" I smile"People talk." She grins,barely avoiding nothing trip to the floor. "Sorry miss Iken!""Well,I am! I'm a Benedict." I smile sarcasticly at her."Oh if only I,Morgan Davids was born a Benedict," she laughs and contines:"But you see,this shit on my head?" she points at her hair. I nod. "None of you got that." and then I can't control my laughter. Never have I ever,heard such a bad joke about my family. And trust me,I've heard more than a few.
"You are the too of you laughing? This is a school,not a restroom."
"Hello mr. Earling." Morgan smiles as we take our seats in class.

Chapter 1
Adelaide's POV 
Most of my memories have fallen apart,and all I have left are pieces I can't seem to fit together. People I can't seem to name,places I know.. but don't? Most of what's inside my head,I don't believe is real. It's most likely fantasy,an illusion,my mind has made up in these dark times. Most of what makes me happy,is fake. However,those memories that I do have,that I am certain happened,I cary deeply in my heart,for no one to steal.
"Adelaide...close your eyes." I hear my fathers voice whisper. "Close them." We are playing a game,we used to play almost every time he returned from the army. I put my hands on my face,covering my eyes. "Good girl... take my hand." His hand closes around mine,and pulls me towards his surprise. My father always used to bring something home for me,whenever he was back I would get something. Not anything big,we didn't have money like that... but always something.. a surprise."Careful,I'm going to put your boots and jacket on now." his voice whispers,so that he doesn't wake up mom. He carefully put my feet in my boots and my jacket on my shoulders.
The cold hits my face as I hear him open the door. The wind grapes my hair,making it dance in my face as we make our way down the porch and onto the yard. The sweet sound of snow,moaning under my boots fill my ears as we make our way across the yard. 
"Don't move." My father says,letting go of my hand. "I'll be back in a minute." and then I hear his footsteps disappear in the now. I'm only wearing my PJ's,and as the wind hits my back,I shiver. It's in the middle of December,and the first snow has only just fallen. My father used to say,that this time of year was the best.
"Adelaide,you can open your eyes." his voice whispers behind me. My hands fall from my face and light hits my face as I turn around. Behind me a huge snowman is holding a stick with a big lighting heart on it. He is wearing a hat and a scarf. As I make my way closer to the snowman my father comes out behind him,with a mug. 
I don't remember what was in the mug... But I know,that this really happened and that this little scene in my head,isn't made up by my own petty for myself. Of course I have other memories as well.. most of them something I want to forget. I know this happened,because this was the night my father told me about soulfinders... good and bad.
Most savants wait all of their lives of the perfect moment they meet their soulfinders. A soulmate that is supposed to bring nothing but happiness... to make you whole. However,when I met mine.. I felt nothing but pain,sadness and horror. I didn't want him to get involved with any of this.
Alto's POV
I'd told everyone that I'd seen her once,which was a lie. I saw her all the time. I'd seen her for years. Only we didn't talk. The first time I saw her,was the day I started at NSBS,my old boarding school. She was sitting outside on a rock,a little too close to the lake. I'd been out trying to figure everything out,that's why I found myself wandering around campus. That was the day,that I learned about my second name. My Benedict name. Most of my life,I'd known about the killerside of me. I thought that was all there was to me,a killer - and learning I could choose between good and evil had brought some thoughts up... a life maybe,I had thought.
It was cold and she was only wearing a white long T-shirt which was both dirty and bloody. Her almost black hair covered her face,but I knew she was beautiful before she even turned around. Her pale skin made her look sick and her skinny and blue arms,automatically triggered anger in me. Who had hurt her?
"Hey,what are you doing out here? You going to be sick." I said,standing a few feet from her. She turned around with horror all over her face. A pretty round face with rose cheeks,a little nose and bushy brows and freckles dancing across her nose. She was so beautiful,with her big dark eyes widened with fear.
"I'm so sorry I scared you." I remember saying.
"You can see me?" she whispered and then I realized,she didn't have a shadow. Also,she was slightly see-through. I took a step back.. and she was gone.
That was the first time I saw Adelaide Waves,only at that time I thought it would be the last too. I was wrong.

Chapter 3
Alto's POV 
The night I saw her,Adelaide Waves at NSBS for the last time,was the night it burned. The night we barely made it out alive.. She was standing,screaming next to the fire,crying..
I ran out,behind Uriel,the last of my uncles who'd been in Africa and later England with a cousin of ours,searching for his soulfinder the past months. Fresh air hit my lungs and I slowed down making sure Mel and Lorcan was right behind me. I turned around to watch the fire eat the main building,making it impossible to see anything but red and yellow flames dancing across the walls.I felt tears run down my face,the first place that I've felt a little at home in..burned in front of my eyes. My life burned.Then I noticed a shadow...on its knees next to the flames. Her. The girl. She was screaming something I couldn't understand.. crying. As if she felt my eyes on her,she turned around. Her hair flying around her face,and tears redening her face. 
"HELP ME! HELP ME!" and then Lorcan passed out. "Alto you have to help me!"
I zoom back,realizing I've been thinking about her again. I am sitting alone in the library,it is quiet and most students are probably in class. I take a deep breath trying to relax. I lean back in my chair..I have self study and I'm waiting for my partner to show up,so far he hadn't the past four times. So that's great. Not that it really meant anything,it was ONLY half of our grade in detective strategies,criminology. Jesus christ... I roll my eyes and get up to walk around. As I do,my chair falls and while I curs I hear a laughter. I look up and there she is. Im not admitting to anything crazy,but the girl is standing in the middle of the library as alive looking as I am.
She is standing next to my table,only about two feet away from my bag. "Hey..." I whisper and she looks behind her. "It's just you and me." I say,picking up the chair without taking my eyes of her. About a minute passes and I sit down. I open my computer and try to focus on my project. I probably am crazy. My gift isn't even locating ghosts,not that I've ever heard of that. My gift is energy,I can manipulate it,see it and sometimes even create it.Never mind,the girl is not real. A few weeks ago the librarian gave me a list of books I could find in the Library and I start checking those of that I've already found. I look up,and she is sitting on my table trying not to look at me. Looking very real..
"You don't happen to know where I can find this do book,do you?" I ask her,pushing the paper closer to her. Yup,I'm crazy. She looks at me,and then the paper. As if I have gone mad,which I dont deny. Then she gets up to leave. "No don't! I did..." I say and she disappears behind a bookshelf. "Great." I say pushing my self deeper into the old chair. I put my face in my hands,just great Alto. Scare the girl... Way to go. As I kick my self across my leg,a message from Mel appears on my computer.
M - You gonna b at our table 4 lunch?
a few seconds later another messages pops up:
L - I'm
I look at her and Lorcan's messages,and then the clock. There is about 20 minutes till lunch,and I've done absolutely nothing about this dumb project.
A - yup
I answer.
M- Good,brining a friend
I hear a the deep sound of a book hitting the table,I jump in my chair looking directly into a pair of dark brown eyes. She is so close that,i can count her eyelashes or freckles.. if I only remembered how to count. or breathe. Her nails taps on the book between us at the table."You fou-found it." I whisper like the complete idiot I am. She smiles,nodding,getting of the table and into the chair,on the opposite side of the table. "Thank you."
I have no idea how long we sit there staring at each other,but somehow we made it until lunch... and past the bell which I didn't even hear. I only awoke as I heard my name:
"ALTO!" I turn around,wondering if who ever called my name,is able to see her too. "What are you doing in here?" Lorcan smiles,petting me on the shoulder as he steps onto the platform and sits down next to me.
"Nothing.. just.." I look around and she is gone. "nothing." I say disappointed.
"Come on." he says getting up to leave the library. I grab my things and my bag,taking one last look into the library before following Lorcan down the hall. "Are you okay,man?" he asks me as we enter the canteen.
"yeah yeah.. just one of those days." I whisper,looking back. But she is not there. It's not like she follows me everywhere,but she is often near.. and lately it has made me feel kinda of safe. Which doesn't make any sense...since she could be anyone.
We are the first to arrive at our usual table. Usually we eat with Mel and a guy names Felix,but I spot Felix a few tables away drawling on a girls shoulder. Not literally. But close."That must be Katarina." Lorcan smiles,following my eyes.
"Katarina?" I ask.
"He has been talking about her for weeks now,dude."
"Yeah..." I whisper stearing at the girl. She is blonde with big curls.. pretty. But somehow,not that interesting.
"Not you?" Lorcan jokes taking a sip of his bottle of water. I make a hmpf-sound begging him not to go there.
"We shouldn't be talking about girls.. you're dating my sister." I say,chewing on my sandwich and then he laughs. It's not that we can't talk about those things,and honestly I couldn't care less about what he thought of girls.. I knew.. with the look he gave my sister,she was all he wanted. Also,Lorcan was cool...i liked him. I didn't mind him knowing what types I went for.. the thing was just that,I didn't. All I thought about was why Adelaide couldn't seem to exist...for real.
"Hey you two." Mel's melodious voice ring as she sat down next to Lorcan,kissing him on the cheek. "This is Morgan." She points at a redhead,standing next to my chair."Hey Morgan," Lorcan and I say almost at the same time."Hi." she smiles,sitting down next to me. "So you must be Mel's brother,Alto." I nod. "And you're the lucky Lorcan I guess." she says smiling at him across the table.
A few minutes later,it's like Morgan's always been sitting at our table and the conversations aren't as polite as the whole I am-you are thing.
"What are you studying?" she asks me,as te bell rings and I pack my bag. "I have detective strategies,criminology... and I'm thinking about taking fighting to a higher level."
"You totally should!" she says,putting her hands together. "I've seen you and Lorcan spare and you guys are amazing!"
"It's in his blood,little lady." Lorcan jokes as he leaves our table. "Bye Benedict. I'll see you later."
"Sometines.. - " i begin
"That name is a burden?" she asks me with a huge smile. "I understand.. I mean really I don't but...I can imagine." she had no idea
AN:Thanks to llamacorn,I'll try tro update more:)

Chapter 4 
Victor's POV
I didn't blame him for not telling us about her sooner. We had only just found each other a few weeks ago,and Trace had only been his father for a matter of days. It had been some difficult weeks for all of us. However the day he told us.. was probably the most difficult.
"I have something you should know." Alto says,its early morning and the whole family is together at mom and dads place. It is supposed to be a family day,"And I think that you should all sit down." he continues. Melodia takes his hand,as she sits down next to him. In a matter of hours the had grown unbelievably close,and protected each other like they had never been separated. 
"The night NSBS burned... I saw something." he says with a shaking voice. "or rather... someone." 
"Who?" I ask. 
"That is what I want you to find out." he says looking down into his hands. "Her hair was dark,she wasn't very big and she was very pale.."
"But if she went to the schoo -" my mother starts but Alto interrupts her:"no no... that's the thing. She wasn't really there." everyones faces turn white. 
"What do you mean?" I ask. 
"I think.. that she is a poltergeist or ghost... somekind of savant power?" he says looking at Mel. "Im not sure."
"one sec" I whisper pulling out my computer. "brown hair,less than 5 feet?" Alto nods:"Age?"
"Maybe 15? She was tiny,she could be older."
And in a few days... we knew. Her name was Adelaide Waves,17 years old,half American half Canadian,missing person for 7 years. But how had Alto seen her?
The past few weeks I'd put together a team,trying to figure out the connection.. and so far we only knew one thing for sure. She somehow knew Elliot Noel.. and with his criminal record she could easily have been one his kidnapped victims. But the question wasn't if.. it was why? and where she was now? Elliot was long gone... where would you keep her? If she was even kept? and again,why?
"What happened more?"
"She screamed for help," Alto cried. "she knew my name."
Melodia's POV
Tired from family night,a few nights ago I find myself thinking back to NSBS. Everything seemed to go back to Adelaide..
"Lorcan Calwall is here because of us,right?" Alto ask,always using last names,reminding me of work-Trace. He didn't want to be personal involved with the victim so he always used their full name. Personally I did the same,most likely something I'd picked up from him,used Calwall,instead of Lorcan Calwall – it made me feel 'far' away from him – which I needed sometimes. 
"He is here because of Elliot,not us." I say. 
"But how did Elliot find us? " Alto asks. 
"I heard my uncles talk about a Hunter,called Adelaide. She is the reason we are hiding. " I'd only heard of Hunters in story's at the Collins. When Vick said the girl Elliot had helping him,was a Hunter,I didn't know much. He'd not explained it all to me. But google had...The Hunters had powers almost like Crystal. She could find people by following a thin line,a link. The Hunter's hunted people down,following lines,memory's,personal belongs,names or anything else that could tie the Hunter to the victim. They could even follow the victim in a ghostlike form – in the end they were able to teleport and actually hunt the victim. In old days,they killed,kidnapped or found people for powerful savants. Now days,they were rare and the world only of a few. (I might have stolen my dads laptop and FBI code and stuff for this information). Two of them were protected by the net – but this third Hunter… had been a secret most of it's life until Elliot got his hands on her. Until now,the Benedict's and the rest of the net,had thought that she was dead. 
Adelaide? Who was that girl? I tried to remember the the convocation,I overheard Trace and Vick have,one evening in Denver. But I couldn't.
"Are you okay?" I suddenly hear Morgans voice behind me. I turn around,she is dressed in a sports bra,training gloves and leggings. I nod,getting up while pulling my hair up into a ponytail.
"I was just thinking." I whisper,finishing the ponytail before following her out into the gym.
"You have a very serious look on your face." she says as we gather in a circle around miss Moore and mr. Keen,our instructors.
"Today we are figting with our gifts,for those of you,with gifts that are not easily shut down,this will be a normal lesson - but for the rest of you,this will be very different."
"Today,you'll use your gifts to protect yourselves against other gifts." miss Moore continued with a smile. "Partners,own choice."
Morgan smiles at me,challenging me to fight her. I smile,nodding,wondering what her gift is and if I'm gonna get my ass kicked.
"First! We will practise,and next week there will be a team exercise. You'll fight another team,and the winning team will then fight another winner team,and so on. Until someday in next week,we'll have the best team of this year." everyone dropped dead at that moment. The WHOLE year?
"Yes people!" mr. Keen smiled:"In a few week we will be done competing for the titel of:BEST FIGHTING TEAM." All of the students looks around at each other in fear,except for Morgan. She is smiling proudly at me:"We are so going to win this thing." She smiles as I look at her.
"You think you'll win because she is a Benedict?" a boy named Disgusting.. I mean Dustin... says laughing. "It doesn't make her the best. It's just a name."
"You're jealous." Morgan smiles proudly,sticking her childish tung at him. Ugh.. Now I had to be good.
"So,lets start." Morgan smiles as we take our place in the corner of the gym. I nod,hitting her across her chest without even trying. She is not happy about it,and puts too much anger into her next move,a perfect kick right to my chest,If not I'd seen it coming. I step to the left grabbing her leg,twisting her around. She lands on the floor with a deep bump-sound."How did yo - forget it."she says,getting on her feet. Ready to fight again,I hit her across the face with a fist - that is going to be ugle tomorrow,I think before a shock of water hits me in my stomach,sending me flying away. Soaking wet,with 50 eyes on me,I get on my feet. I feel a smile grown on my face,finally something she can actually fight me with.
"Very good Benedict and Davids." mr. Keen yells.
As we continue fightning,I'm hit by not a few,but many water balls,but with a little help from a gift of mine,I'm able to pick up her tells. Whenever she wants to send me flying,her thoughts are almost like looking under water. And I jump to the floor,the side...or hit her first.
After the shower training is over,and I've only gotten like 76 blue,green and yellow bruses,I feel nothing but happiness. Useful. Which my nightmares had totally taken away from me. Morgan on the other hand,has a huge bruse on her cheekbone,and a couple on her colorbone..
"So... how did you avoid my water like that?" Morgan asks me,drying her hair in the most creative way I've ever seen. Slowly pulling every drop of water out of it,with her gift.
"You have a tell." I smile at her,drying my hair in my towel. "Also,my gift makes it pretty impossible for anyone to have a wall up. Doesn't make any difference." She makes a Oh-face,before continuing her creative hair-rutine. "It's pretty awesome,your name and your gift I mean."
"Oh,yes. But everyone in my family has a water gift,so not really a surprise." she smiles.
"Really? I mean,my gift is a little like my fathers,but I thought -"
"My family is slightly different like that." Morgan interrupts with a smile,finishing her hair with a hand running through her perfect mornings-coloured mane.
AN:Llamacorn this story is set after my first:The secret of Melodia. (which is set doing Misty falls)
Melodia and Alto is Trace's children (from before Diamond and even before finding Sky) and Lorcan is Melodia's soulfinder (all explained in my other story).

Chapter 5 
Alto's POV 
Mel's laugh fills the arena as she ducks and avoids getting hit by a waterfall. Morgan is powerfull... A tiny create with a lot of power. A smile spreads across my face. A few other teams are taking a break from their own fight,to look at the Davids-Benedict-fight. Even though Mel is completely wet,and so is Morgan for that matter,she doesn't look tired or bruised. Morgen on the other hand,is already red and blue on her chest. Her pale skin turned faster as she uses her energy thronging water at Mel.
"Mel better not cheat." I whisper.
"She isn't." Lorcan smiles petting me on my shoulder. "But it's wouldn't be cheating,its her gift,she can use it if she likes." That was partly the truth. And as if Mel heard us,she decided to end the fight with a little borrowed energy from Lorcan. I heard him hold his breath the second before Mel cracked the poor girls shield. Ugh.. that was really going to hurt. Morgan landed on her back,desperately trying to breath. However,stil with a bright smile on her face.
"And that students,is a technique only some of you will learn. Ms. Benedict just demonstrated how to use a soulfinders connection to momentarily stop an enemy." mr. Keen yells very impressed across the arena.
"He is going to make the to of you fight next time." I smile at Lorcan.
"Nah,he wouldn't. " he says,as the great people person he is. Not.
"Same time tomorrow mr. Calwall and ms. Benedict will demonstrate their gift together soon,so you better attend every class the rest of the year."
I told you I telepathically laugh.
"Dont worry,you'll whoop that pretty ass of hers." a guy from the back calls out. And yes,Lorcan was probably going to win tomorrow,I mean he had the gift that could actually hurt. But Mel had the gift of secrets.. and if she closed his door into his gift. He was done. And Mel might just play that dirty to look good.
"I'm dead." Lorcan smiles as if he had read my mind.
After training Lorcan heads to english with Mel,Morgan has swimming (not a surprise) and I have another stupid self studie session. My second this week. Ugh. Not waiting for my partner I head to the loneliest corner of the library. I put my bag against the window and sit down. There isn't much space but this exact spot is privat and has the best view. It's dark in the evening,but not for the next couple of hours. I pull out my computer and the book Adelaide found yesterday. I felt so weird holding it...As I work my way though the chapters,writing notes and commenting,the room starts to get colder. I look outside,its raining.
"That's not why it's cold." I hear a small voice say next to me. I turn around,realizing I'm sitting less than a feet away from her. She is leaning against the opposite bookshelf than me,resting her head against a big red book. "It's cold because I use most of the energy in the room," she says smiling at me shortly before looking out the window. "you are right,you know?"
"Right about what?"
"This is the best view in the whole library." she smiles. "what else?"
I shrug my shoulders trying not to look through her. But.. I can see right through her! As I focus it gets harder to look through her and the white shirt loses it's ghost like look.
"I takes more energy,but I can be here almost fully." She says,with a sad tone. "I'm not really here,but when I focus I can interfear with stuff. That's how I got you that book." she says as she fades back into the ghost like shade.
"Thank you." I whisper. "I thought you were scared." I say,thinking of all those time we never spoke.
"I am. But you're the only one who can see me and I need help." she locks her eyes onto mine. "I can't get out,unless you help me Alto." and just like that she disappears.
"F...K" I'd have to tell Vick about this.
"That's a bad word." I look up,Brandon Knives is standing at the end of the bookshelf,"Who were you talking to?" He looks around confused,leaning harder against the book shelf.
"No one,Brandon. But great that you've finally decided to show." Brandon Knives is the son of the president of this school,or founder or whatever he calls himself these days. You would think,that because of a stuck up father/asshat father,Brandon,his twin sisters and half brother - all in classes of the school this year - would be stuck up too. That's just not even close to reality. His brother is a ladies man,nothing on him except that. The twin sisters are good fighters and smart too,a little too much "me,me,me" - but they're nice I guess. Brandon is -
"Yeah sorry about that." Brandon says interrupting my nonsense about his family. He takes a seat next to me. "It's been some pretty rainy days on my behalf bro." Brandon is a really nice guy,who happened to screw me over a few times with this self-study thing. But generally a nice guy.
"Tell me,we are almost done anyways." I say putting the work aside.
"It's this girl..." I laugh. And then Brandon laughs.
Morgan's POV 
I'd been sitting with the Benedict's for lunch for weeks now and somehow people started to recognize me. Which was both nice and disturbing. I wasn't some Benedict.. I was a Davids. To a lot of people,I was probably just a puppy. An assessing Benedict pup.
"They are starring." I hated it. I didn't want people to think I was some stupid asskissing bi.. But of course I didn't say that.
"Don't think about it." Melodia suddenly says. I look across the table,she is resting her head on Lorcan's shoulder. "They don't know us." In the beginning it was rather fascinating to have a with a gift like Melodias,now I have no idea how to feel about it. Somehow it makes it easier to talk to her,but also a lot harder to be around her. That is probably the biggest challenge she would ever meet. People having to decide weather or not they liked her enough,to let her snoop around. The only problem is,that even if I was sitting across the room,she would know. People just don't get that.
I didn't need to say anything. Mel always knew when I didn't feel comfortable about something or wanted to hide it,or myself.
Alto put his hand on my shoulder,"we have all been there. Back when I was a Noel..." he jokes,and even though it is a horrible and morbid joke,I laugh.
"Hey guys.." a very sad Felix says as he sits down next to me,putting his head on my shoulder. Felix got dumped last week,not that anyone blame her. Her soulfinder walked in and Felix? Even Felix didn't blame her,he didn't want to be the one standing in the way of that.
"That how it goes when you date an older lady." I smile at him,as he pulls himself together to eat.
"Two years.." he mutters while taking a bite of his sandwich. "It still sucks though."
"Love usually does." Alto says. "But look across the table,some love is worth it." Lorcan and Mel smiled at each other,knowing how lucky they were to have found their other half this early and at all.
"Kinda sucks to look at it everyday though," Felix says sad and jealous. He was happy for them,we all knew. But a broken heart is broken,and that's reality.
"You'll get over her." Alto says. "And the school is big,you aren't going to see her everyday." That was true,and she was older and therefor in another year,different classes,different places at school... but they would run in to each other now and then. Especially since they were both,like I,were living on campus.
"It's going to be fine." I smile petting his short blonde hair. The next couple of lunches was exactly like that one...
AN:Llamacorn,I'm happy to answer all questions you may have,:) Yes,Alto and Melodia are twins (all about that in The secret of Melodia). Thank you for the review.

Chapter 6 
Morgan's POV
I'm probably the only one that actually enjoys the swimming classes that the school offers. Most of the kids in the class either choose it because it has less classes than the other sports classes do.It's either swimming,horseback ridging,football,soccer or tennis. And well I could easily have picked tennis,but I mean any other activity doesn't really fit my size. Football? Ha,I would die. Maybe horseback riding,if I didn't think horses were the children of the devil. Ugh,they are scary. Even the little ones are mean. Probably the worst kind.
It would have been different,maybe,if I'd grown up like Mel. On a huge farm with all those kinds - people my size. I took a quick look at my schedule on my phone before putting it back into my locker. I wish I had more lectures with Mel,Felix,Alto or Lorcan.. but I didn't.
I had criminology with Mel,FT - Fight and technique with everyone expect Felix then history with Mel and Lorcan. But that was it,most of my lessions were alone. Like now. It hadn't been a problem before,I mostly kept to myself anyways or the swim team,but I was starting to get why people wanted to have the same people in their classes. However my schedule was never going to met Mel's,that girl was sports crazy.
She had english,history,spanish,soccer,horseback riding,FT,FT-advanced (which basically meant with guns and knives and stuff I did not want to touch),criminology and some kind of human study.
I on the other hand,was more of a read-it-in-a-book type of girl. Of course I did some water stuff and had privat lectures for that as well. But most of my subjects were in the criminology department. And yes I had shot a gun a few times.. but that was it. I didn't like it.. not like Mel did.
"Hello ladies,glad you could join us." Mr. Keen,FT and swim teacher said as we joined the guys at the pool. We were only fifteen on the team,and teen of us were guys. Petty big guys,if I may ad. Most of them just about 6ft tall. Well.. I should just say it:I was the smallest on the team,but then against I didn't even hit 5ft. Almost but not really. I was the definition of tiny. Tiny and redheaded,okay to be fair I really wasn't,but close.
"Tinkerbell,you first." Mr. Keen smiles and points at the pool. Tinkerbell,as I said tiny,fairy-looking or maybe childish. As I jump into the water,I can't help but smile. Down here the sounds are less and everything is so quiet,it can't make you anything but calm. It's cold,yes,but it's not freezing. I stretch my arms pressing the water behind me as I move synchronically with the under water waves. Cheating,yes,but still.
After a quick 250meters swim,I climb the ladder and join rejoin the team on land.
"New record,Brandon,good for you!" one of the girls,Kenna,smiles as Brandon Knives,a very broad guy on the team gets out of the water. His skin is slightly tanned and the crystal blue water makes him shimmer in the afternoon sun. Every drop reflection the last sunlight on his big chest and flat stomach. He smiles,as he catches me stare at him.
"Afraid of some competition,Tinker?" Brandon smiles as he puts his hand on my shoulder. "Don't worry,I'll never beat you. Won't stop me from trying though." Glad,he didn't notice I was eating him with my eyes,I laugh.
"Good,team up people!" and before I know it,I'm still standing next to Brandon.. fuck. Usually I'm with Harries or Kenna,never been with anyone else actually. "Good,and Kenna,you join Harries and Xander. " Kenna's eyes grow teen sizes as she sits down next to Xander and Harries. She used to date Xander and it's been kind of awkward between them the past few months. Besides me I hear a small laugh. I look up,Brandon is hiding his mouth behind his hand,making eye contact with Xander sending him a look.
"Stop it." I whisper,trying not to laugh myself. Brandon smiles putting a hand on my head shortly before letting me go.
After a lot less awkward swim lesson,than I'd thought,I spend a little extra time on myself. Mostly to avoid having to group walk back to the school. Not that the pool is far from everything. Everything is actually pretty close to each other at the school.
First we have the VERY long driveway,with a nice allé,then half way to the school's mainbuliding the allé parts,into 3. On your left there is a new allé to the stables,and the horses run on each side of the allé. Terrifying. But very pretty. On the right side the tennis courts stretches on one side of that little allé,and on the other the soccer fields. Not as pretty as the horse allé,but totally worth a second look.
Behind the main building is the schoolyard,filled up with tables,basketball courts and flowers. Lots and lots of flowers. On each side of the main building is a building with classrooms,on one side a library and the other a study hall. All very old school and english inspired. Then,behind the school all the wonders of swimming start. Okay not really,you have to follow this little and kinda romantic path to a building with not one but four pools! And of course with the greatest view of the football and baseball fields in the world. And the rest of the school campus is mostly horseback riding paths.
Of course there is the building that all the boarders - boardings schoolers - live in. But that not really interesting. Just a three floored building with different roomtypes and study places.
Alto's POV
"So today is the big day,people." Felix says,as he takes a seat next to me at the table. Around us the cafeteria is slowly starting to live,people are laughing,choosing tables,buying lunch,eating,doing homework or what ever. It's more or less like NSBS,and The Collins I imagine,everyone has a group of friends they sit with. The tables are different sizes,some have four chairs,some have benches,some are round and are more isolated. Our table is a midsized one I'd say. There is room for six or maybe eight people on the benches - the big ones have room for at least teen. And if cheerleader size,maybe fifteen.
"Big day?" Morgan mumbles.
"Yes the teen best teams are picked out today," Felix says,knowing he had lost weeks ago. "Your probably one of them." He says nodding at me. I already knew,and didn't really care much. The guy who controls energy and the guy who is purely energy,of course we were picked out. I was more interested in other things,like Adelaide.
