Blood Cross of Sin
It was dark,light rain drizzled from the sky in Transylvania. The castle there may have looked abandoned,but it wasn't. Someone had come out for a reason... That reason being unknown to anyone. Abraham Van Helsing stood on the stairs in front of the massive door. He knew exactly what he was getting into but for what reason?! He knew there was no unjustified reason for him to be out here alone without the items he needed for his protection in case anything went wrong. But he felt that this was right. He wanted everything to stop,he wanted this war with the Nosferatu over. And if he had to sacrifice himself to do it,he will.
Pushing open the heavy door Helsing slowly stepped inside the door before closing it. The whole place was dark and deadly quiet. Looking to the side Helsing saw a candle with a matchbox and it only took a few seconds to light it. Exhaling a shaky breath Helsing started walking while using the candle to see where he was going. His dark blue eyes were focused on what was in front of him. He knew he wasn't alone but where was the man he was looking for? He heard a voice from behind him and turned but a hand covered the vampire hunter's mouth. Helsing's hat and the candle fell to the floor leaving them in darkness,except for the occasional flashes of lightning outside. His blood ran cold when he looked up at who it was. Helsing's dark blue eyes locked onto the misty green of Count Dracula.
The Nosferatu smirked down at Helsing before dragging him to a room down the hall. The vampire hunter was pressed against the wall the minute that door closed and the lights came on but almost immediately he was let go. Dracula narrowed his eyes as Helsing revealed the cross on his necklace. He quickly took it off and threw it across the room. Was the mighty Helsing giving himself up? No... Why would he? Dracula pulled the vampire hunter close before staring right into Helsing's eyes. And it wasn't long before Helsing's lips collided with his rival's. The Nosferatu's eyes widen and he kissed back before Helsing pinned him onto the bed.
This would've escalated into more if it weren't for a stage light being shown in their face making Helsing fall off the bed. Dracula winced and quickly got up before pulling Helsing up to his feet. "Alright you two,we're doing a musical,NOT a live porno. Uwe I honestly can't imagine what you're thinking... I mean Thomas is married for crying out loud!" The actor smirked,the look of hunger and desire was in his eyes. "Doesn't mean I can't have fantasies." Thomas rolled his eyes before lightly hitting him over the head. "By the way,why would you be dominant? You're shorter than me." Uwe laughed completely amused before walking off. "Don't tell me you don't find it attractive!" The actor left on the stage and sighed before shaking his head and walking off. And the next day,Thomas found a box on the hood of his car and stopped. He took a glance around before taking the lid off. Inside was a completely normal white shirt.
Taking it out he turned it around and froze. The words:Für immer Unterwürfig were on the shirt. He knew exactly who would do something like this. "DAMMIT KRÖGER! Whatever game you're playing is not funny!" The man in question broke out laughing and fell to the pavement in hysterics. "Just you wait Kröger. I'm getting you back for this..."
Hey guys! Hope you enjoyed the little oneshot between these two,I just love them together. And Für immer Unterwürfig means Forever Submissive. I just couldn't keep that joke out of this story!
