She had to get back before dinner. She had to. Her eyes went to the horizon,watching as the sun was nearly close to leaving. She hurried anxiously,carrying the basket of berries and hoping,praying to the cauldron,that she would not run into anyone. For some odd reason,she woke up with a feeling. She couldn't quite figure out what the feeling was – terror? Anxiety? Paranoia? It's just because of your period,she had told herself. But she had an inkling that deep down,that her period wasn't the reason. There was something else buried inside her,warning her. She had tried staying in the cottage and begged one of her sisters,Aemilia,to do her outdoorsy chores but of course,Aemilia was no help. So instead of making a fuss,she took the basket and went out into the forest to fulfill her ridiculous duties and hoped that she would make it back before sundown.
The feeling had almost gone away when she reached the core of her village. People were out and about – selling merchandise,talking around bon fires. She ducked her head nervously as village leaders passed by. Her eyes looked at the ground as they strolled past,rambling about something unimportant. The village leaders were far from protective,they were cruel. It only took one second of eye contact for them to find a reason to kill her. Thankfully,the village leaders relatively liked her family. Her dad was the best and most popular blacksmith in the village,and had gotten her out of trouble numerous times. But she had her own secrets to hide.
"Selene." She froze. She was almost to her cottage when the voice,that terrifying voice,interrupted her. Oh Cauldron. No. 
But she turned around with the best smile she could muster and looked at the young man behind her,"Oh,hello,Hunter." He stopped in front of her,flashing her a cocky smile. He was far from beautiful,as he was incredible skinny and had disgustingly oily hair. His eyes were small and beady and yet,he was highly convinced that he was the best man in the village.
When he walked closer to her,she winced at his filthy breath.
"How are you today,Selene?" His eyes didn't find hers,though. Instead,his eyes scanned her body generously,looking at everything from her curves to her bright mouth. She wasn't ignorant enough to believe that she wasn't beautiful – she knew she was gorgeous. Her white-blonde hair attractive most men's eyes,while most girls in the village had dusty brown hair. Her eyes,a bright blue,were unusual in her area. And while she was used to telling off boys to stop looking at her,she couldn't say a word against Hunter.
"Good," she said shortly,uninterested. "And you?" His face crinkled when he smiled.
"Better that you're here," he said,and his eyes flickered around her shoulder. "Ah,you still have those wings,don't you?" She took a cautious step back,forcing a protective smile.
"Oh,yes,those," she said tightly. "How is your father doing?" His face shifted and he rolled his eyes.
"Being chief leader of course. Did you know the High Lord of the Night Court was coming at dawn? He's probably going to award my father with gold for his accomplishments. As if he needs any more." While the rest of us starve. 
"Well,isn't that great! Well,I'm sorry,Hunter. But I have to go." She took a sharp turn away from him and tried taking a large stride towards her cottage but then his calloused,dirt-tinted hands pulled her by the shoulder. She sucked in a breath and swerved towards him. She scrunched her body together as if to protect her valuable wings.
"Yes?" She said,but this time coolly. His eyes flashed at her with a hint of impatience,but his smile remained.
"Where are you going?" He said,almost tauntingly. "I'm the future leader of this village,you know. Why leave so soon? Stay and have fun at the bonfire with us." She looked at the large fire where all the men,men who had spent their entire day training,had stayed. She would've had some respect for them if they didn't have the belief that they were gods. Most of them were foot soldiers and wouldn't make it anywhere but bottom rank,but they still held a sense of unearned glory that angered her.
"I have to get back to my father. He-"
"Oh,yes,your father," Hunter said,snarling now. "Did he ever reply to my offer by the way?" She couldn't help but scuff.
"Your offer?" She asked. His lips pursed,but there was a hint of amusement on his face.
"I offered him a proposal," he said. Her eyes squinted at him coolly.
"A proposal? Of marriage?"
"Well,yes,of course. You're the most beautiful girl in the village and I,as you know,will be the leader of this village once my father passes." Which will probably be soon as you'll probably be the one to kill him. "And I need a wife."
"I haven't bled yet." It was a lie,of course. This was her second month she had bled and nobody,not even her mother,knew about it. It was too dangerous to risk,as most girls had their wings taken off as soon as she had her first bleeding. Thankfully,she had a plan to leave the village soon enough. All she had to do was bid her time until she could get the gold and then disappear forever.
"But you will soon,yes?" She shivered as he put his firm hand on her thin hips. She pursed her lips angrily.
"In all due respect,I can't control when and when not my body decides to turn into a woman," she said back,her voice sharper. "Now,if you don't mind-"
"Oh,I certainly mind." The hand on her hip tightened,pulling her closer with a yank. She grunted.
"You're hurting me!" She objected,her voice loud. But he leaned close to her,his eyes empty of emotion. Cold,cold like he had never felt anything at all.
"I'm still talking to you," he growled. Without even thinking about it,before it even registered in her mind,she pulled the basket of berries and swung it at his head. It collided with him and despite it not being heavy enough to cause any real damage,he staggered back. She took a step back as well,heaving as she digested the horror in front of her. Did she really just do that? Did she really just through a basket at the chief's son's head? As Hunter gripped his forehead,she swerved around and took two long strides before two hands caught her.
"Let go of me!" She shouted,yelling at the two unfamiliar men as they dragged her back to face Hunter. Rubbing his forehead,Hunter strutted towards her angrily,his teeth barred.
"How dare you,you peasant bitch!" His hand went towards her as she squirmed and ripped the worn dress. It only took one grip to rip it down the middle. She sucked in her breath.
"It was an accident," she said,her voice firm. "Let me go-" But then Hunter ripped off her dress fully,scratching her as she did so. The people around her began to stop and stare. Some snickered as they watched
"How dare you touch me!" He roared. Behind them,Selene noticed how Hunter's father glanced towards them. His eyes weren't cold like Hunter's,but yet held a type of anger that she had never felt. A heartless anger. Her eyes found his,not pleadingly but pointedly. He looked away immediately,not a single care in his eyes as he left his tent.
"It was a misunderstanding,Hunter," she said,her voice nicer now. "I've had a long day. I apologize. Now,let me go." But then his hands grabbed her with his dirty nails,pulling her away from the beefy hands holding onto her shoulders. She screeched as he pulled her close. His eyes scanned her more disgustingly now,mostly at her panties. She watched as he unbuckled his own belt. Heat,a warningly heat,went through her body as she now understood the consequences. She should have foresaw this – she should've just walked away.
"Hunter," she said slowly,trying to hide the fear in her voice,"My father is the blacksmith. Would you really-do you really want to humiliate him this way?" But Hunter didn't care. Her heart beating fast and her breathing now suffocating her as she couldn't calm down,tried ripping away from Hunter but the two men behind her were blocking her from moving.
"No-" He reached for her. She squirmed.
"My father will-" And then he took her panties off and he laughed. He looked at the underwear,now smeared with blood. She inhaled raggedly,all the hope in her body vanishing. She felt empty,weightless. He was going to take everything,she thought. Not just her virginity,she could live with being ostracized as she was planning to leave anyways,but she couldn't live without her wings.
"This is perfect," he said,his voice filled with playful cruelty. She felt the tears fill her eyes. She hadn't cried in years.
"I didn't know-"
"You didn't know that you had bled?" He finished. A tear was falling down her cheek.
"No," she lied,her voice tight,"I didn't." But then his eyes glittered at her,jumping in amusement. Without even turning his attention to one of his men,he spoke.
"Go tie her to the wooden post. Take off her wings," he demanded. Without a hesitation,she screamed. At the top of her lungs,her screams rang the core of the village. She kicked and hit the men that were holding her as they carried her thin body to the post. Behind her,somewhere,from behind the tents on the other side,she heard a man,whose voice was dry and irritable,speak. For some reason,she heard it over the others. It was strong,unique.
"And yet you claim that your villagers aren't savages,Peleg." She didn't know whose voice it was,nor cares,but it rang over the others.
"They-they aren't,my lord." A second man – Petyr,replied. "My villagers are the best men in Prythian."
"Are you claiming your men are superior over me?" Selene stopped paying attention to the voice as soon as she saw Hunter pull out his sword. Her chest rose up and down rapidly. A crowd had begun to form around them,watching like it was a play.
"Please," she said,tears falling down her face fast. "We're friends,Hunter. Remember? We played together as children." But Hunter was too amused to hear her words.
"You're nothing but a dirty whore," Hunter spat. She tried making her words,her pleading words,leave her lips. But then she felt her chin rise,anger filling her body again. A whore? Simply because she was repulsed by his proposal?
"I'd rather be a whore than be with you," she said,spitting at him square in the face. His gasped as he wiped his face hurriedly,and she noticed how embarrassment filled his cheeks. Despite the situation,she felt a hint of victory.
"You'll pay for that," he said,his lips curled angrily. But then a voice rang in her ears again – the deep,husky voice that interrupted the rest.
"What do you expect out of me? Gold? Not that I'm not grateful that your men supply my real warriors as target practice,but you are just lucky that I have the compassion to even stand in your filthy village," the voice said,making Hunter pause. "And where is this brave son of yours,Pimberton? I was under the impression that he cared to be your successor?"
"Oh,he's right over-"
"Let's get this over with fast," Hunter snarled. He rose his sword in the air as his men angled her body towards him. Her wings,which she thought for so many years would be protected,were now in the open. He was going to rip them off,cripple her.
"NO!" She screamed,just as the sword went down. She watched as the sword wooshed down,and she cried as he thrashed it at her,but just as the sword met her wings,red filled her vision. The bounds holding her to the post snapped. She shifted away,shielding her eyes as she felt her body soak in liquid. Slowly,shaking,she uncovered her eyes and looked in front of her. Her mouth gaped.
All she saw was red. She looked up,noticing the red rain still pouring down on her,covering her body from head to toe. She rose her fingers,smearing the substance from her cheek and then putting it to her nose directly. She winced as she inhaled. Blood. 
Hunter and his gang were no longer in front of her and it took her about three seconds,as she noticed the torn clothes on the ground,to realize that the blood that soaked her – the blood that covered her body so much that she couldn't see her own skin,was theirs. They had exploded. Turned into bloody rain. But how?
And then she heard the scream. She looked up,seeing Petyr only about twenty feet from her. His hand was to his lips but then her eyes shifted to the figure beside him. He was tall – taller than any man she had ever met. His skin was tan like a high ranked Illyarian and his dark brown hair tickled his brow swiftly. His eyes,the color of choal but yet still beautiful,stared at her. He was quiet for a moment,his eyes connected with hers,and she knew by the gleam in his eyes that he had saved her. She had to admit,though she wasn't usually swayed by beauty,he was attractive. And his clothes,as if his natural looks didn't reveal his identity already,were made of fine,pure-black material that made her gape. She knew who he was.
This wasn't the first time she had ever seen him. She had seen him once before,when she was just a child and he was probably her age. He looked no different,either because he was just as powerful as he was years before or because he was immortal.
"Why,Percival,you know this is no way to treat a lady," he purred at Petyr,smirking. She blinked,his words waking her up from the nightmare. Petyr shuddered,stumbling backwards and putting his hands in the air cowardly.
"I knew nothing of this,my lord," Petyr lied,his voice shaking,"Please,don't-" But then the High Lord of the Night Court started towards her. He walked with a swagger and a strut that even Hunter couldn't pull off. She shrunk back against the post,now very aware how close to death she truly was. For the first time in years,she wished that she was ordinary.
The High Lord stopped only about half of a foot away from her,bending his knees a little bit just to be at level with her. There was a genuine smile on his face – too genuine. So genuine that it almost looked predatory. His dark eyes twinkled at her and she could see a layer of greed that reflected back at her.
"And what's your name,beautiful?" He said softly,his voice caressing as if a lover. A slight shiver ran down her spine but thankfully when she responded her fear didn't show.
"Selene." His eyes danced around her face,as if trying to absorb her. Unlike the rest of the men here,he didn't look at her sexually. But as if she was something interesting,maybe even humorous. She swallowed.
"Selene," he repeated,his voice gentle,"And what do you do here,Selene?" Her fingers were shaking.
"I-I am the daughter of the village's black smith,my lord," her voice shook. He nodded understandably.
"And why,my dear Selene,did those wretched peasants tie you to a post?" Peasants. She almost laughed at the word. They weren't peasants to them – they were the leaders of the village,people who held local power. People who abused their power and slaughtered children for sport. But she guessed compared to him that they were nothing more than spit on the ground.
"My wings," she said quietly,practically a whisper,"they were going to cut off my wings because I'm a girl." Her eyes fell to the ground,sure at this point that he was mocking her. That he would take her wings just for the fun of it – just to amuse himself,and then murder her after. But then she heard him cluck his tongue disapprovingly.
"Now,that's not very fair is it,Selene?" He asked. She shook her head slowly.
"Please," she said,nearly begging,"I just want my wings. I don't do anything bad here,I'm just the blacksmith's daughter. Please don't-"
"Do you know who I am,Selene?"
"The High Lord of the Night Court," she choked,a drip of Hunter's blood falling into her mouth. His terrifying yet genuine smile lengthened,nodding.
"Exactly,I am the High Lord of the Night Court. Now,I agree with you,Selene. I think cutting off your wings would be rather barbaric,don't you think?"
"Yes."
"And so,do you also agree that I should burn down this entire damn village for their shameful acts?" The sentence was as cold as ice. It was clearly rhetorical as he looked back at Petyr. Petyr's entire face turned milky white. He opened his mouth quickly,but nothing came out. The High Lord of the Night Court had must've silenced him with his magic as Petyr gripped his throat anxiously,begging to speak.
"No," Selene said quickly,her eyes wide with horror and holding out her palm innocently,"Please,my family lives here. My father,my mother,my sisters. They didn't do anything wrong,there are many good people in this village! Please,spare me. Spare us." The High Lord looked back at her,his eyes filled with delight.
"Are you sure? It would only take half a thought-" His voice was so casual,so calm,that it made bile rise to her throat.
"Yes!" She argued,and then sucked in her breath as she noticed she interrupted him. "I'm sorry for interrupting,my lord. I just – I'm sure." He tilted his head,nodding.
"Very well. As you wish,my beautiful Selene. Now,there is a nasty amount of blood on you," he said,looking at her body now. She looked down,realizing how horrifically nude she was. And in front of the most powerful man in the land too,maybe even the world. Embarrassment filled her face as his eyes ran up and down her body. There wasn't much to see as blood nearly covered all of it,but his eyes were lingering at every detail that he could depict. She looked around her desperately,watching as every person in the village stared at her in terror.
"It's alright," she said,giving a nervous laugh. "It's just blood." His eyebrows furrowed down and he shook his head.
"No,it is not okay,beautiful. Let's get you a nice,warm bath and clean you up," he said. But when he heard the utter silence that followed his words,he turned around with a snarl and stared at Petyr with a look worse than death. "Didn't you hear me,Philander? This poor girl needs a bath. Now."
~*~ discidium ~*~
Please ignore the errors! I'll fix them later. Please please please review if you want more! That's the only way I know if I should right more or not! Again,sorry for the errors. Leave a review!

Hunter's blood was still dripping down her back. After the High Lord of the Night Court demanded Petyr to give her a bath,two of the local women volunteered to help scrub her off. As she was led into Petyr's home,where the only traditional bath lied in the entire village,they immediately brought out sponges and began scraping off the blood without a single complaint. Both of the women,whom she knew vaguely,refused to meet eyes with her. They murmured to each other as they continued to wash her off,but Selene's hands were still shaking. What was going on? Why had the High Lord taken such a key interest in her?"She's just…" One of them muttered as she scrubbed her waist,clearly irritable but nearly out of earshot. "Because of her…" The other woman,who was scrubbing her legs nodded.
"…murdered one of her own…all Petyr has done for them and yet…" The words kept getting shot back and forth until finally Selene yanked herself away and glowered at both of them. They reflected an angry snarl.
"Get back over here,girl!" One of them barked. "You're lucky that you're even alive." Her fingers,sore from the continuous shaking,curled into tight fists.
"What's going on?" She demanded. "Why did you bother volunteering if you are both so angry at me?" One of the women,who had lived a few cottages away from her,shot her a mirthless smirk.
"You don't even know," the woman said,shaking her head. "So naive." Selene's eyes narrowed on her.
"Do indulge," Selene said through her clenched teeth,her voice just as angry now. The woman got off her knees and stood up.
"He's your-" But then a knock on the door interrupted her. Both of the women's faces filled with horror and Serene subtly inched away closer to the back wall.
"Yes?" One of them said,her voice soft.
"What's taking you so long?" It was Petyr. "The High Lord is growing restless. Finish scrubbing her fast and then put her in the tub." Serene looked down at herself. Not all of the blood had been washed away – there was a spot on her belly and her hair was yet to be touched by the two women. But for the most part,the blood was gone.
"I guess this will have to do," the woman who had been speaking to her said grudgingly. At that moment,Serene didn't need instruction to get into the bath. Before the either for the woman could bark at her,she stepped into the room-temperature water awkwardly. She had never been in a bath,as her parents and every other family in the village didn't have enough money to have one. Instead,she was used to bathing in the river. But she sat down in it obediently as the women rushed out.
She stared around the bathroom – at Petyr's bathroom. Once,Hunter had been in here. Not that she was sentimental about his death,but she felt like an invader. A fraud. She eyed the large,jagged mirror in front of her,followed by two wooden chairs that faced the mirror. The mirror was standing on a dresser that was piled with hand-made brushes and bottles of liquids that she didn't recognize. Was Hunter right? Was she supposed to be his future wife and live in this cottage for the rest of her life? No,she never would have agreed. But,as her eyes lingered in the bathroom,she couldn't help but feel envious. It was a life that she never had the opportunity to dream of.
After a few minutes alone,she heard another knock at the door. She shifted in the bathtub awkwardly,unsure of what to do. Should she get up and open it? But she didn't see any towels around her and the ladies had taken her bloody clothes with them.
"Er…yes?" She asked awkwardly. The door opened with the creak. And there he was again – barging into her life. The High Lord looked around the room with disgust and then back at the bathtub. She looked down at herself,unsure of why he was staring at the bathtub so intensely until he sneered.
"Stupid cretins had one job," he growled and snapped his fingers. Within half a second,she felt a warmth hit around her. Warm water. He had warmed the water. While the warm water made her feel like she was dissolving into comfortable jello and she was tempted to let out a sound of relief,she refused to show any flicker of emotion. He closed the door slowly,locking it.
She was utterly still as he walked further into the bathroom. He spun one of the wooden chairs backwards and sat down with his chin propped onto the back of the seat silently. His eyes stared down at her like a hawk,as if searching for prey. What was he analyzing? She didn't know. She was too afraid to ask. She was just a girl. But he was silent as he looked at her,marveled.
"This doesn't make you feel uncomfortable?" He asked finally,his voice cut sharp. She swallowed.
"What do you mean?" She let out. The corner of his mouth twitched up as if he was suppressing a smile.
"Me watching you take a bath," he said. "I've been sitting here staring at you for five minutes. I was thinking you'd object by now." She shrugged,because truthfully she didn't mind. He was too far away to see anything intimate and the bath went up to her shoulders when she was sitting down. Not only that,but she wasn't lying when she told Hunter that she'd rather be a whore than lose her wings. If this is what she had to do for him,she would do it.
"You saved my wings," she replied,her voice hollow. "I don't care what you do." He tilted his head at her,reflecting a small smile. Not the predatory smile he had given her earlier – a true smile. It looked unnatural against his dark,twisted eyes.
"What about talk?" He suggested. She blinked at him,shock running through her so fast that she sat up like a lightning bolt. If anything,the words made her more anxious. This clearly wasn't what she predicted. Physical favors were straight forward,expectant,but this wasn't something she was prepared for.
"Talk? I thought-" He interrupted her with a laugh.
"If I wanted to have sex with you,I would have by now." Her eyes narrowed on him disapprovingly.
"See this face,High Lord?" She asked,her hand circling around her head impatiently. "It used to be nice and friendly. Now after that cocky comment,it's cold and mean." He snorted.
"Nice and friendly? You've been looking at me like I'm planning on roasting you and eating you for dinner," he told her. She was tempted to smile,maybe even laugh,until she realized who she was talking to and then became quiet again. She didn't know what to say to him,or even if she was allowed to speak. He was,compared to her,a god. She was merely an ant that was destined to be stepped on.
His smile dropped too,as if he could feel the sudden shift that went through her.
"Fine then," he said,defeated. "How about I ask the questions and you answer them? Is that easy enough?" She thought about it and then nodded slowly.
"Ask away,my lord," she told him. He smirked.
"Is this the first time I've met you?" He asked. She pulled her knees up to her chest as she sat farther up in the bathtub.
"No," she admitted,"I met you once. When you first became High Lord. I was eight. You were doing your tour to introduce yourself to all the villages." His eyes jumped from humored to nostalgic,as if he was trying to remember the memory of coming down here. But she waved her hand at him.
"Our village is nothing. Worthless," she agreed. "I don't expect you to remember." He didn't bother disagreeing with her. Not that she was surprised. It wasn't too long ago that he was threatening to burn the entire village to the ground. Her village was replaceable to say the least. But there was a shadow of resentment in his eyes,and yet she knew it wasn't towards her.
"Do you like it here?" He preceded. She knew what she was supposed to say. Yes,I love it here. It would have saved her people from destruction,maybe the High Lord would even present them with gifts if she boasted about the village.
"No," she said,remembering how the chief ignored her when she cried for mercy,"I hate the village. I was planning on leaving,actually." A spark filled his eyes. A victorious sparkle. Like he had just won a battle or conquered a nation. Like she was an entity that he would've fought to keep.
"Because of your wings?" Suddenly,she felt very conscious of her wings. She had released them when she got into the bathtub,just so that she could relish the feeling of them still attached to her. But when he brought them up,she regretted it. She nodded,heat filling her face.
"Because of my wings."
"And are you educated?" She hesitated for a moment. Why was her education important? While it wasn't uncommon,literacy wasn't valued in the village. And she knew that in many other villages,girls were the last people who were educated. It was even punishable by death in some.
"Yes,my father taught me," she said,almost defensively. "It's not against the rules here. Anybody can learn how to read in my village. There is no punishment." One of his eyebrows jerked upward.
"But that doesn't mean your people care," he argued roughly. "It doesn't mean your superiors give credit to those who do. I've seen villages like these – where brawns is the only characteristic that matters. That education is nearly pitied. They're wrong." She didn't know what to say. So instead she sat their silently,sinking into the warm water again. There was silence,strained silence.
"Are you scared?" Her eyes shot up towards him,holding his gaze intensely. She was scared of a lot of things,she admitted to herself. She was scared of her wings being ripped off,she was scared of her family punishing her for her actions,and she was scared that once the High Lord left that she would be tied to the post once again.
"Of you?" She said bravely,scuffing. "No. I am not scared of you. Like you said,if you wanted to hurt me,you would have by now." She was half expecting anger to flash across his face,saying she had just insulted him. But he almost seemed thrilled,amused that she didn't have any fear towards him. And then he was smiling at her again,a challenging smile.
"Don't you have any questions for me?" He asked,shaking his head humorously. "I keep asking you about yourself and you are yet to ask a single question about me. Don't you want to know something? Anything about your high lord?" Why am I here? Why did you save me? Why do you care? But then she said the first thing that came to mind.
"What's your name?" There was silence for a moment. Almost immediately she felt a weight in her gut,as she realized that her question probably wasn't the best. He was looking for something simple,she had no right to go into his personal business. But then he cackled,laughing. His rings ran against the bathroom walls so powerfully that the bathroom began to shake. Her face flushed as she could only imagine what the villagers were thinking.
"I apologize if-"
"No. No," he said sharply,his laughs cutting off. "Don't ever apologize. It's humorous,really,that you don't even know my name." She shrugged pathetically.
"Nobody in my village has ever spoken your name." She wasn't going to apologize for her village's ignorance though,for their inability to learn. They didn't have the time nor the energy to learn about the rest of the world. They could barely feed themselves already.
"It's not unusual," he said,as if hearing her thoughts. "Most people outside of my court don't know my name. It has nothing to do with the quality of your village."
"Tobias. My name is Tobias." And as she looked up at him,analyzing him again,she could see it. Lord Tobias. It sounded powerful,maybe one day even legendary. She could see the name feared.
"It's nice to meet you,High Lord Tobias," she said,giving a friendly smile and handing out her hand. He leaned over and clamped it,shaking it stiffly with a smirk.
"Just Tobias to you," he corrected. When the words,too friendly to be safe,were finally let out,her smile died.
"Why are you here?" She blurted as she pulled her hand away hastily. There wasn't any hint of friendliness in her voice anymore. "You spared me because you felt like it,I get that. And you demanded a bath for me to be nice. But why are you here? Talking to me? Letting me call you by your first name?" He didn't even blink at her. But he looked at her longingly,like she was a doll that he was about to break. A sadness flickering in his eyes.
"If I told you I was going to say something that would change your life forever,would you want to know now?" He asked. Her eyebrows furrowed down.
"Of course," she said hurriedly,almost a bit snappily. "Of course I would want to know. Wouldn't you?" His eyes reflected an unreadable gleam. And then he brought his head off the back of his chair,shaking his head at her unbelievably. There was a ghost of smile on his lips,but it wasn't something to be admired.
"You're too young," he whispered,laughing under his breath as if to mock her. "You're barely of age." His words felt like a slap on the face. As the words settled in,his tone ringing in her head,anxiety rose in her. Was this about her wings? She couldn't risk it,not now. Not when she had just witnessed a blade almost cut them off.
She bolted to her feet in the tub,dauntlessly naked in front of him with no care at all. While her body was there for him to look at,his gaze stayed on her face as she stepped out of the bathtub and grew close to him,her wings flapping behind her. He didn't even twitch.
"Tell me," she demanded,her lips curling. "Tell me what it is." His dark eyes turned cold.
"This is the second time you've nearly killed yourself whilst being naked,beautiful Selene. Do you really have the audacity to think that surviving the first time was anything but luck?" She closed her lips tightly,trying to erase the cold expression off her face,but when she began to step back into the tub Tobias took hold of her fingers and pulled her back. While his eyes were still cold,there seemed to be a hint of admiration.
"When I first saw you,Selene," he said slowly,pulling her even closer. She shivered when he said her name. "I thought I was dying. I thought I was on the battlefield and that I was trying to grasp for something,something in the deepest of my imagination,to keep me alive. That you were my shining angel to tell me to keep fighting." She opened her mouth but then nothing came out. He was looking at her desperately,trying to grasp something that he would never be able to get physically,something that he needed. Something that he couldn't live without.
"I know I'm pretty," she snapped,coolness running on her tongue,"That's all it is,my lord. You're entranced by my beauty. But I'm an average villager. I'm not your an-" But he got up so fast that she barely caught it. He knocked over the chair so roughly that it snapped in two and caressed her face in his hands. For a moment,she thought he was tearing up.
"You want me to say it,beautiful Selene?" He asked,his voice sharp again. "You want me to tell you the truth?" She couldn't even speak this time. The High Lord's hands were on her,the most powerful man she had ever met,and she didn't know if she should be afraid or flattered. His eyes though,his dark eyes,were spirited.
"You're my mate,beautiful Selene," He said,touching her forehead with his. "Say something,beautiful darling." She opened her mouth,letting out an unattractive choking sound and then flushed with redness.
"That-mates…they don't," she said,swallowing. "High Lord-"
"Tobias."
"Tobias. Tobias,mates don't exist," she said slowly,pulling her head away. His hands dropped back to her fingers,intertwining her fingers with his tightly. She flashed him a sympathetic smile. "That's a fable. That bond doesn't really exist. It's something parents tell little girls to humor them. It's not a real thing." His lips,which were slightly parted,turned into a tight line. Blame,anger,filled his face. A part of her kept screaming at her to run,yell,hide away,but she couldn't leave him.
"Is that what your baffling chief told you?" He asked,one eyebrow perked up. She sighed.
"Have you ever met someone else who has found their mate? No,exa-"
"Yes," he said,blinking rapidly. "Many,actually. Half of my council has a mate. The stronger the fae,the more likely they are to find one." She wanted to refute but when she looked at him,at the strongest fae she had ever met,how could she argue? Nobody in her village was as powerful as him. Nobody had options here.
"Let me take you to my home," he said,his voice soft as his lips reached her ear. "Let me prove it to you." Her gaze clung to his,trying to find the lie. Surely he knew that even if the mate bond was a real thing,that she,a mere peasant,couldn't be his equal. Not ever.
"It's either stay here and accept the wrath that your pathetic,medieval village will give to you after this charade," he said,his voice silky,"or come with me. And we can find out the truth together."
~*~ discidium ~*~
She didn't wave goodbye to her family when Tobias escorted her out. She felt him linger close to her,watching the villagers' faces as they walked away together. Behind them,there were three or four guards with their daggers already out,as if her village would ever fight to keep her. Not even her parents objected as she walked past them.
"They'll get rewarded for keeping you for the last eighteen years," she heard Tobias tell her,only for her ears to hear. She glanced up at him,finding that his eyes were just as angry as hers despite the generous comment.
"Don't bother," she told him. "The only people I care about here are the children. The girls,especially. If you want to be merciful,reward them. Not my family." And he nodded at her curtly,his eyes searching from where her pain truly began. But he would never find it.
She didn't turn around as she walked farther and farther away from the village. Instead,she kept her eyes at a distant place – the nearest village which was miles away. Tobias,though,seemed rather content with the walk. He was silent,chillingly silent. Not even his guards spoke to each other throughout their journey,with their eyes centered on her every moment. Every time she skipped a step their entire bodies would shift towards her,like she was more important than the High Lord himself. The High Lord,alike to them,glanced at her often,but not like he was tempted to make a conversation. He was analyzing her,analyzing every movement she made. Her body language,her reactions. It wasn't until she could smell the smoke did he finally speak.
"There will be a high priestess in the village," he told her,his voice absent of any sort of emotion. "She will secure our bond." The entrance to the village was in sight now,people hovering around the entrance frantically. She took a ragged breath,feeling the shakiness in her body once again. Fear began to stir in her and she felt her stomach churn.
"Our bond? Marriage bond?" She managed to let out,only when they became close to the entrance of the village. He nodded sharply.
"Yes. This is the closest village that is truly within the Court of Night's territory. In my terrain,under my rule. Your village is still technically my land,but I let your village,along with many others,lead themselves as they are too far away for me to keep track of regularly. But this one,this village,follows my rules exactly so it will be fully recognized by other courts. Does that make sense?" He asked. She nodded slowly.
"So," she said,tucking a white-blonde hair behind her ear,"this will be legitimized? If this bond is real,I will be your wife before the night's end?" To her surprise,a smile appeared on his face,warming his naturally cold expression.
"Yes," he said,only about ten feet away from the entrance. She took a deep breath,trying to release all the nerves inside her,but it was useless. She was absolutely terrified of what was going to happen,what the high lord would end up doing to her when he realized that it was a huge mistake. But he,for the first time since the long walk,wrapped his arm around hers. She looked up,realizing how intimate it must be for him to even touch her in public since he was so cold naturally. He looked at her with a reassuring gleam in his eyes.
"You will be a great high lady," he told her,as if that was the biggest worry in her mind. But she nodded,pretending that that was her worry. He began walking to the entrance and to her greatest surprise,people fell to their knees. Even the guards fell down to the ground,bowing. There was a smug look on the High Lord's face as he walked into the village,watching as people stopped what they were doing and fell to the ground.
"They're bowing," Selene whispered aloud. He gave her a cocky grin.
"Yes,some villages know how to respect their high lord," he said passive aggressively. She rolled her eyes. And as she watched as people bowed,they didn't even flicker when she walked past. It was like they weren't even surprised.
"Did you warn them?" She asked him,her voice a whisper as she leaned next to him. He shook his head.
"Of course not. Why would I waste my time sending a rider when I needed to get here as soon as possible? Unlike you,they don't doubt me. They know who you are," he said back. She felt her cheeks flush.
"I don't doubt you," she said,"It's just…everyone makes mistakes." He huffed at that,giving her a mocking smile now.
"Not me," he told her,and she knew he wasn't joking. Clearly,his arrogance was a part of his personality. "I am never wrong,my beautiful Selene." He didn't stop until he hit the biggest hut of all. There was silence,utter silence. And at that moment she knew it was her turn to speak.
"Promise me one thing," she said,desperation leaking in her voice. He glanced at the hut warily and then back at her.
"Okay," he agreed,far easier than she had expected.
"When she tells you that I'm not your mate,that I was right,don't just leave me back in my village. Help me," she said,her eyes falling to the ground. "Leave me here if you have to,but they'll kill me in my village if I go back." She expected him to argue,for anger to fill his face,but his face was unreadable.
"If I promise and consider the possibility,will you consider the possibility that you are wrong?" He replied,his voice just as desperate as hers.
"A deal is a deal," she replied,a small smile playing on her lips. He opened his mouth but just as he was about to speak,the curtains that closed the entry way to the hut opened with a swish. And she knew,without a doubt,that the figure was the high priestess.
The high priestess was extremely beautiful. Her facial features,dark but extraordinary,made Selene breathless. Her long hair was braided and she looked like she was from a different area – maybe the court of summer? Selene had obviously never been there but she has heard the stories of what they look like. Her skin was so dark that it was evident that the high priestess was a different race,a different race that Selene has never seen. The high priestess' eyes narrowed on Selene.
"She is taller than I had dreamed. Younger," the high priestess said,her voice leaking with disapproval. Selene reflected the same look,but didn't dare speak. She looked up at the high lord and she was surprised to see that he actually found it funny.
"Yvonne,meet Selene," he said,motioning to her happily. Yvonne rolled her eyes and then opened the curtain wider.
"As if I haven't seen her before," Yvonne scuffed,looking at her. But then she smiled at her,a wicked smile. "Welcome to the court of dreams,girl." A growl escaped Tobias's mouth.
"She is your high lady," he said,following Yvonne into the hut and pulling Selene with him.
"Not yet," Yvonne said dauntlessly,leading them in. Selene coughed as she walked into the hut – she was hit with the smell of many herbs at once. She was used to the smell of herbs,as she had used them to delay her period for years. But these were stronger,more powerful. She walked with Tobias willingly to a rich,golden altar. She stopped beside him,facing the high priestess.
"She doesn't believe you,I can feel it," Yvonne said,her voice leaking with disgust. Tobias's mouth pressed into a tight line.
"She's young,like you said," Tobias countered,his voice surprisingly protective. "You don't know what-"
"Oh,I do." Selene tried not to gape when the high priestess interrupted him. Tobias didn't look irritated in the least,and she could feel how much respect he truly had for his high priestess. Selene turned away quickly,feeling the high priestess' stare. She was testing her in her own odd way,as if waiting for her to lash out. But Selene didn't even move.
"I'm assuming you want me to prove it to her first,my lord?" Yvonne asked. He nodded curtly.
"She's feisty," he told her,as if Selene wasn't right next to him,"I think she'd be a bit mad if I married her without her approval first." Dry humor. She didn't have the right to be furious,if anything. Mate or not,he could demand her to do it and grudgingly,she would have to without a single complaint.
"Give me your hands then," Yvonne demanded. Selene shyly gave out her hand and Yvonne,with an annoyed sigh,yanked it closer between the two. Tobias let out his own and Selene was surprised to see that she hadn't noticed the tattoos that were painted on his skin. It was an interesting design – ancient swirls and symbols she couldn't read ran up from his palm to his elbow. She forced her gaze to Yvonne,whose eyes were flashing between the two of them.
"Ready?" She asked,to Selene specifically. Taking a deep breath,Selene nodded. Yvonne then grabbed her hand again,laying it on top of Tobias's. His hands were rough.
"Destiny awaits you," Yvonne said,before muttering a long string of words in a language that Selene didn't recongize. There was a moment of stillness,of anxiety,but then she was no longer in the hut. She was in a bedroom,painted blue with a bed larger than her own room. A boy,young,sat on it restlessly,arguing with his father. And then a flash occurred,she was watching a teenager. He was fighting in an underground ring,his eyes filled with such undying anger that she was worried it would consume him. And then she saw a young man,probably not too much older,holding his dead father,soaked in dark red blood. There were tears in his eyes. And then she saw a girl,bound to the post like a slaughtered animal,crying for someone to save her. Begging,screaming so loud that the birds fled from the trees in fear,for someone to spare her,even if it meant ending her life.
And then she was in the room again,panting. Shaking. She looked down,suddenly realizing that she was on the floor,gripping her legs so tightly that blood was spilling. Her eyes,slowly,rose.
The High Lord was looking down at her,shaking as well. There was an anger in his eyes – an unforgivable anger. A ruthless anger. A murderous anger. His head whipped towards Yvonne.
"I'll kill them," he seethed,"for what they did to her. I'll murder them with each and every-" But then Yvonne put her hand on him.
"This,taking her away from them,making her your destiny,is the worst thing that you could've done for them," Yvonne said,her voice surprisingly calming. "They will live in fear for the rest of their lives." The High Lord's shaking went down and Selene felt herself getting on her feet. It occurred to her,as she saw the lively fire in his eyes,that he must've seen her life as well. They were,truly,connected. She opened her mouth,about to say the words she thought she would never admit,until he spoke before her.
"You're too young," he said,his voice filled with pain. "I can't take your innocence from you,my beautiful Selene. I can't take you to my court,not yet." Selene stepped towards him,protesting.
"I believe you," she said,swallowing her pride. "I believe you,Tobias-"
"You're barely of age," he said over her words,a light growl proceeding it. "Before I put you on a throne,I need to know that I won't ruin you. That you are strong enough-"
"She is strong enough," Yvonne interrupted,her sharp voice silencing him. "She almost died for her wings. She abandoned the only home she has ever had in the possibility of a new life. She is not a child. She has a very old soul,my lord. A soul that is needed if you want a strong rule." Tobias's eyes lingered on Yvonne for just a moment before finding Selene's gaze. There were so many questions on his face,so many vulnerabilities. Selene turned towards Yvonne,her body straightening as she did so.
"Marry us," she demanded. Yvonne smiled at her.
"Very well,my lady."
~*~ discidium ~*~
I apologize greatly for the errors (theres probably a lot). But please,please PLEASE review. Even if it's two words. It's a great motivator and I won't know if I should write more if people don't tell me to.

"Get away from her!" Her voice ceased him. It only took one sentence,one voice,for the boy to whip around. The moon was gone that night,hidden behind the clouds that whispered the dangers. She should have known to hide when she couldn't see the stars – it was a sign,Yvonne would have told her. But she kept moving,because who in the world would have known that she and Priscilla were traveling? Tobias wanted her to take guards and while she refused,she assumed that he would have sent them anyways. Miles behind,yes,but still there to watch her at a distance. Clearly,both of them had made mistakes.
The figure in front of her was young – too young for her to be foolish enough to believe that he was the only one behind this. But when the candles flickered and revealed his face in the small tent,she fumed at the gods. Of course,she had known him. She knew his father too. And cauldron knows what Tobias would do in revenge if this story ever met his ears.
"This is nothing personal," the boy told her,but the crack at the end of his sentence made her roll her eyes. She turned her head to glance at Priscilla for a slight moment and silent relief filled her body. She was,as Selene wanted her to be,sitting upright in her cot,waiting for Selene's instructions. There was no blood,her sleeping gown hadn't been touched. Priscilla knew how to fight but Selene,even if Priscilla believed she was invincible,knew neither of them had a chance against the son of spring.
"You're here to kill us,boy?" And when she noticed how the boy's knife was shaking in his hand,her eyes lit up. A new fear started through her,a greater one. 
"You came here to kill Rhysand," she whispered.
"Rhysand? You came here to kill Rhysand?!" Priscilla yelled,her white-blonde hair whipping around her face as she jumped to her feet. Selene put her hand up,silencing her quickly. Her eyes held onto the young boy's,praying to the cauldron that he didn't look away.
"He's not here," Selene said,her voice calm as she clipped each word slowly. "He was supposed to meet us but for whatever reason he didn't." And with those words,the boy began panting. He looked between Selene and Priscilla frantically,calculating his options. His face was dead white. 
 "You don't have to hurt us," Selene told him as softly as she could. "We're just two women traveling. No one has to even know you were-"
 "My father will know. I already told him I-you don't understand,he already knows where I am," he said,choking on his words. Selene shook her head,her face filled with sympathy but her eyes,her body,filled with disgust. 
 "Tell him we got away," she offered,her voice fiercer now. "Tell him you drowned us in the river but wasn't able to collect the bodies." Behind the boy,Priscilla made a sound of protest. But Selene didn't even wince. The boy's breaths seemed to calm down. His eyes though,his bright eyes,were filled with emotions.
 "But you don't understand! I have to bring back something,some sort of proof," The boy said,nearly begging. Selene let out a breath of annoyance and took out the dagger that she had strapped to her side for safe keeping. She pointedly put the dagger against her palm. 
 "Mother,let me-" She sliced her hand open. The boy inhaled raggedly as he watched her gather the blood in her hands and then handed it to him. 
 "Take my blood,smother it all over you," she instructed,the horror of her children dead blaring in her mind vividly. "Make it seem like you killed me." The boy reluctantly took the spilled blood and wiped down his arms. Priscilla's nose flared as she watched the boy desperately layer himself in her mother's blood. 
 "There you go," she coaxed,her own panic waning. "You're going to be okay." And when the boy looked back up at her,she saw the tears in his eyes.
 "Thank you," he said,wiping his eyes with the back of his sleeve. "And I'm sorry. For coming here-"
 "Don't apologize," Selene snapped,and this time her voice was far from warm. "I don't want your apologies." The boy's eyes narrowed on her and his hands,still holding her blood,dropped to his sides. 
 "You don't understand. You don't know what it's like,having to be a son of-"
 "And I am the wife of a high lord!" Her voice rose,pointing her dagger at him daringly. "Now,I told you to get out!" But then the boy shook his head,taking a lethal step towards her. Selene didn't even twitch. 
 "You dare point a dagger at me?" 
 "I will point a dagger at anyone who threatens my family's safety."
 "Your family?!" The boy said,tears falling down his face as he laughed madly. Even under the candle light,she could see how his body was shaking. "Yes,I agree,I will not hurt you,woman. But let's not forget that some of your family is guilty of more than one sin. I am sparing you." Selene bared her teeth at the boy.
 "And as you do so,realize that your father is just as guilty as my husband by all means,don't let him fool you. Ruling is all but a game," Selene warned. The boy's mouth parted in disgust,clearly insulted as he tipped back on his heels. 
"You're lucky that my father hasn't declared war on your husband's court for being such uncultured,heartless-"But then she heard a grunt,a sharp breath of fury. Priscilla whipped into the boy's vision,nose to nose with the boy. 
 "Piece of filth," Priscilla said bravely,spitting at the boy's feet. Selene tried grabbing her but Priscilla spun from her grip. "How dare you threaten the House of Night! When my brother hears about this,him and his army will hunt down you and your weak brothers one by one and then my father with vanquish your pathetic-"
 "Be silent,Priscilla!" 
 "-excuse of a court once and for all!" 
"PRISCILLA!" Selene barked,but Priscilla had a blaze in her eyes. A powerful,undying blaze that even Selene couldn't control. A part of her didn't want to,a part of her believed that Priscilla adopted that from her,but the boy was fragile. Broken. Unreasonable. 
"Get away from me,little girl." 
"Make me,flower boy." And then she saw it. The boy whipped out his blade,the metal shining under the burning candles. 
"NO!" Selene bolted right up in her bed. There was sweat pealing down her body like someone had dumped a pail of water on top of her. She blinked a few times,taking ragged breaths,until her blurry version began sharp and she clung to the sheets even more terrified.
When she had walked into the mansion hours prior,she thought it was a figment of her imagination. Everything that she thought was possible had been proved wrong. While Petyr's home was a wonderland,Tobias's home was something between heaven and hell. It was the prettiest,most amazing place on the planet,but it was too pretty. Scarily pretty. Like it was an illusion. A trap. Because things couldn't be this good – there had to be an exception,a downside.
It wasn't as painful to look at the second time,though. She decided,as she glanced around her heavenly room,that if this was the last thing she saw then she was okay with it. It was larger than her own hut by far – just like Hunter's family,she had a full red-oak dresser piled with various perfumes and bottles. She also had an entire collection of brushes. Her room was a rich color of purple and she had a fireplace in the corner. It was fairly bare,but she was far too terrified to explore more. There were two more doors on the side,one that was clearly a closet and another that she would guess was a bathroom.
As her heart rate raced in her ears,she glanced towards her bedroom door. It was wide open,like the door itself was beckoning her to leave. She took an even,deep breath. And then she remembered something – the scream. Someone had screamed. The scream had woken her up from her nightmare.
She got out of bed quickly,readjusting the nightgown around her and then began to walk out of the bedroom cautiously. Once she was out of her room,she could hear the voices more vividly.
"-Now,I'm giving you one more chance," the silky voice was so smooth,so cruel,that it made her cringe. She turned the corner and then she froze. As she lingered about fifteen feet away,Tobias swung around and met eyes with her. She opened her mouth but then quickly closed it as her eyes bounced from him to the figure he had been speaking to. He was far more casual with her now,with only trousers on and showing his bare chest. His hair was ruffled and he looked like he had just awoken.
"You look awful," he deducted as his hawk-like eyes went down on her. "What the hell happened? I thought you were asleep." But her eyes turned to the second figure who was behind his shoulder and leaning against the door frame casually.
"I had a nightm…" But she couldn't finish her sentence. The other figure horrified her too much to speak.
She was prettier than any woman she had ever seen. And,to be honest,the woman looked like she belonged in the house far more than Selene did. Her hair was the color of fire,a dark but rich red that probably caught every man's attention. Her body was curvy and she stood with a grace that Selene would never master. Hurriedly,Selene turned away. The redheaded woman was wearing lingerie that probably costed just as much as Tobias's clothing,and far too revealing for her to look at without turning red. Clearly though,the girl didn't care about Selene's presence. If anything,she looked at her like she wasn't even there.
"Hiding a playmate?" The woman giggled. Selene felt her face burn. She wasn't surprised that Tobias had a lover,as most married men of power in her village did,but she never imagined actually having to witness her first-hand. It was uncomfortable,too vivid. She could sense Tobias's anger several feet away.
"Did Gilly even try kicking you out?" He replied tightly. Selene glanced at the both of them quickly,holding her breath. The girl rolled her eyes playfully at the High Lord of Night as she stepped towards him. Tobias didn't even twitch when she put her hands on his chest,rubbing him like a lover.
"My lord-" And then she heard a slapping noise before she even registered it. Selene jumped back,watching as Tobias's hand collided with the girls cheek. The woman sucked in her breath sharply and Selene's body went rigid.
When the woman turned towards him again,shock filled her face.
"Did I do something to insult you,my lord?" She asked,and Selene could hear the tenseness in the woman's voice. But Tobias didn't even hesitate when he responded.
"I told you,very nicely,to leave," he said coldly. "And yet I still see your face. Am I not straight forward enough? Or are you really that incompetent?" Selene almost laughed. It was fairly ironic that his lover couldn't follow his orders,as her entire duty to him was to do simply that. But she didn't. Because the fear that the girl in front of her tried to suppress was too real to laugh at.
"My lord,we have been through this many times. I am comfortable with you bringing other women in this house. I do not discriminate against-"
"Rosalie,this is my wife,Selene. Your lady," Tobias said through his clenched teeth. Selene opened her mouth but then choked as the girls green eyes,sharp as a tiger,shot towards her. Oddly enough,surprise didn't flicker in Rosalie's eyes. Selene,unsure what to do,waved at her uncomfortably.
"Hello,my name is Selene," she said,forcing a tilted smile. Tobias pretended she hadn't said a word and turned back towards Rosalie.
"In respect of our previous relations,I will spare you if you walk out right now,just because I'm feeling good today."
"Previous relations?" Rosalie laughed at the word,but Selene could see the tears in her eyes. "We-"
"Do you want to live?" Rosalie opened her mouth to reply but nothing came out. She,though it must have too effort,met eyes with Selene without a glimmer of resentment. Carefully,and slowly,she curtsied.
"My apologies,my lady," she said,clearing her throat. "It has been an honor to meet you. I-" But then she turned towards Tobias daringly,looking at him squarely without a hint of fear. "It has been an honor to serve you." And with those words,under Tobias's gaze,she rushed down the stairs,sniffling.
Selene didn't breathe for a second. She was too busy hearing the poor girl run out the door,not even bothering to grab a coat. She blinked stupidly for a moment,turning her gaze at Tobias. He hadn't moved an inch,but she could still feel his eyes on her,analyzing her. Waiting for her response. And even half naked,with his hair ruffled and one side of his face rosy because he had slept on it awkwardly,he still looked unbearably powerful. So powerful that she wasn't even a bit surprised that the girl had run out,despite whatever relations they had.
"You missed breakfast," he blurted,and she was unsure if he only said it to break the silence or if that was really the first thing he could think of.
"You just," she said,blinking at him rapidly,"you just threw out a naked girl-"
"She had clothes on."
"Without a single hesitation," she continued,her hands waving in the air. "Shouldn't you at least make sure there's someone to…I don't know…pick her up or something? Instead of leaving her out in the cold like an unwanted dog?" He tried suppressing a laugh but the laugh,nothing short of anything but ridicule,made her frantic expression die.
"She was my whore and you're upset that I threw her out," he said,shaking his head with a smile,"Glorious. Absolutely amusing. You know,you may look like a fetus next to me but you are yet to be unentertaining." He turned away from her,already going down the large staircase as she gaped behind him. Though he didn't glance back at her,it was clear that he wanted her to follow him. Unfortunately,she was stumbling behind him just to keep up with his long strides.
"Wait,you think I look like a fetus?"
"Come along,beautiful Selene. Breakfast has already gone cold long enough."
"My lord-"
"Tobias."
"Tobias,that girl is naked in the cold-"
"I will remind you again that she is not naked."
"And she clearly has some sort of,er,relations to you that rely on her pay-"
"And why do you care?" They had stopped at the main landing. Selene's eyes brushed against the too beautiful scene,at the crystal floor-to-ceiling windows and the large furniture that were made from the best of materials. The hard wood floors glistened and the walls were painted with rich colors,covered with gorgeous canvases. She spared a moment just to take an inhale before her eyes connected with Tobias's. He was squinting at her accusingly.
"Why do I care?" She asked back,her voice frail. "I just…I have a few friends who are mistresses for money and while I know you and other high lords see them as scum,I don't. That's her living and you didn't even give her a warning. And,well,she had to mean something to you,right?" But his eyes,only filled with curiosity,blinked at her stupidly.
"She isn't anyone important in my court," he said reassuringly. "Firing her won't make a single difference in her life." And while his face was blank without a single sign of worry,she couldn't help but second guess the High Lord's comment. Surely,compared to someone like him,every peasant was unimportant.
"Please-" But then she stopped. He had led her into a new room that was connected to the living room. Though the living room had been extravagant,it didn't hold the same type of pretentiousness that the new room held. The new room was filled with oversized leather chairs and high bookshelves that touched the ceiling,probably one fifth the size of the living room but yet held so much more meaning. So much power that she didn't deserve to even see. She swallowed.
"Danish?" He asked,holding out a pastry. She looked down at the many coffee tables,which were filled with all sorts of pastries,meats and fruits. It was more food than she had ever seen,even at annual feasts. Of course,that didn't say much to be fair,but she couldn't name half the food that she was looking at.
"Danish?" She asked back,dumbfounded. He threw the pastry at her nonchalantly and he shot it so fast that she barely managed to catch it in her hands. He then picked up a cracker-like food and bit into it. With an immediate grimace on his face,he spat it out onto the ground.
"Gilly!" He yelled,his voice echoing through the entire mansion. Following the awkward silence because surely,though she had only been here since day break,she would have seen at least one servant but still hadn't. She had come to believe that maybe,possibly,the high lord didn't have any servants. But then a small,overly-thin woman popped out from around the corner.
"Yes,my lord?" She said,her dark eyes shining. The lady,probably middle-aged with a few grey hairs already sticking out,didn't even glance at Selene. He looked down at the cracker.
"This is god-awful," he muttered,"You call this a cookie? Disgraceful!" The woman hunched over as he yelled about the disgracefulness of the cookie and the frown lines deepened on her face.
"My apologies,my lord," she said,though her voice did not stumble and there didn't seem to be a bit of fear,"What cookie would you favor? Chocolate? Macadamia?" He rolled his eyes dramatically.
"Color it purple,Gilly! Just know that I can't get through the day without a good cookie," he reminded her. The woman didn't even seem surprised by his behavior.
"Of course,my lord," she said,and quickly disappeared behind the corner. Selene turned her body fully towards the high lord.
"Speaking of starting our day," she said,nibbling on the danish. Though she was sure it probably tasted delicious with a good appetite,she was so nervous that it tasted like dirt. But unlike her high lord,she didn't say a word. "What are we doing today?" His eyes flickered at her.
"What would entertain you,beautiful Selene?" He asked back in a dry voice,pacing along the book-filled room casually. She took another forced bite of danish,forcing herself to swallow it as she followed his circles.
"Well,I know many high lords would want to have an extravagant party or do certain…" And suddenly,she didn't know if she could even say it. "You know…activities." He then gave her a quick glance,his eyebrows hunched downward.
"I don't like parties," he said stiffly,turning away. "Half of the people you are eating with either want you dead or are so goddamn desperate that they are willing to fuck you for two pieces of gold. Really,not the party person." She cleared her throat,hoping that the dust-taste would leave her tongue but only got worse once those words were spoken.
"Oh," she said,and suddenly she felt very uncomfortable,"what about other marriage activities?" He laughed.
"Marriage activities?" He said,and she couldn't help but feel a shiver go down her body. "What kind of marriage activities did your barbaric village put inside your pretty-" but then his voice stopped. He swung towards one of the wide bookcases,as her eyes followed his gaze. And,just like that,multiple servants popped out of various corners. She watched as the,probably a dozen,servants came out of nowhere.
"If I had known you had so many servants," she began to say,but then as she heard a loud crack,she stopped. Her eyes wandered around,searching for the source,and wondering for just a moment if it was a cracked window,but then she,realized,quite quickly,that it was coming from the bookcase.
"Is it going to fall?" She said,her voice high with anxiety. "My lord-" But then the bookcase swung open,numerous books falling to the floor and she jumped back,exhaling loudly. But Tobias didn't move an inch,and more like had a bored expression across his face. The bookcase began to tilt towards them.
"You should probably-" It began to tilt forward and she shrieked loudly,but then a figure blocked her view. Her mouth dropped. It was as if he had come from behind the bookcase entirely,but when the bookcase stayed still at an awkward angle,she realized it was -
"A door," she finished aloud. Connected to a room,she realized quickly. She tried peering in,just to see what sort of room was hidden behind the bookcase,but a new figure blocked her vision. He was tall,alike to Tobias,but still a few inches shorter. His skin was tanner than anyone in her village,but still didn't reach Tobias's dark pigment. His hair was a light brown,flowing down his neck in ocean-like waves. He stepped towards them slowly,his grey eyes shining. He held onto Tobias's stare with a look of soaring amusement,and a type of happiness that peasants,commoners who meant nothing,could never have. And then he spoke,the carefreeness leaking with humor.
"You fired Rosalie? I was starting to think that her unwavering whining was appealing to you."
"She was taking up air," Tobias replied instantly,almost to the defense. But Selene felt him glance at her. As if waiting for her to break.
"She's been here for three years. Where the hell is she going to go now?" And then the light humor was absolutely gone. There was a sharp edge at the end of the man's words,piercing her. Selene's head shot towards Tobias immediately. She isn't anyone important,he had told her. Clearly,she thought as anger took up the other man's face,Tobias was downsizing the charade.
"She'll find something else," Tobias spat shortly. The other boy's eyes narrowed on him.
"And yet you replace her with an Illyarian?" The other continued as if Tobias hadn't even responded. The man shot a short look of mild acknowledgement at Selene and then waved at her dismissively. "No offense,lovely,you're quite the beauty,but you aren't exactly-"
"She's my wife,Leon. So I'd suggest you pick your words carefully," Tobias advised. The other man,Leon,blinked at him stupidly. There was a short,uncomfortable silence that made Selene want to back away from both of them but then Leon let out a bark of laughter. Not cold,like Tobias's,but truthfully amused. It rang around the mansion joyfully,causing many of the servants around them to cease.
"You go around the Illyarian camps for five short weeks and you come back with a child bride? Have you gone completely mad?" Leon said through his laughter,his eyes dropping on her like she was a pile of cow stool. Her lips pursed at him,about to snarl something as well but then Tobias put his hand on her shoulder.
"Leon-" But then Leon waved at him in a carefree sense.
"I'll go message Quinton and he'll write an annulment for you to sign right when you come back to your senses. And maybe if you ever swallow your pride and apologize,Rosalie will-" And then,so fast that Selene could barely register the movement,Tobias's fist collided with Leon's cheek. Leon tripped back,his hand curled up as if he dared to fight the High Lord,but then his eyes met with Tobias's. His hand uncurled jerkily and he took a forced breath.
"She's my mate," Tobias said through his clenched teeth. "My wife,my consort,my mate. And you will bow to her,as you would any companion of mine." Leon tilted his head at him,his eyes bloodshot and his nose flared. His jaw tensed,swallowing,and Selene wasn't entirely sure what he would do next. Attack him? Storm out? Chop off her head out of spite? But he then turned to Selene swiftly,his eyes unreadable. Selene's shoulders lurched forward uncomfortably,flushing with redness.
"He doesn't have to-" But then he fell to his knees. This man,so filled with joy and happiness,now stared up at her in surrender. In the middle of a study room.
"I am severely ashamed of my actions,my lady," he said,"Please,accept my apology." She looked at Tobias desperately but he merely reflected the observant look that he had been flashing at her constantly all morning. Watching her. Waiting for her response.
"Of course I forgive you," she said,nervous,"It's not like you knew. It isn't the first time that a man has mistaken me for a mistress,trust me." But Leon stayed still. It wasn't until Tobias walked closer to him that Leon exhaled in relief.
"Now come on," Tobias said with a smirk,letting out his hand as if he hadn't just crushed the young man's dignity in a thousand pieces,"We have things to do,older brother." Leon snorted through his nose,taking his hand and then flashing a sloppy smile at Selene.
"Welcome to the family!" He yelled,sounding truly joyful in a way that she didn't expect. She gave him the best smile she could muster while shaken by his change of pace.
"I'm sorry,but did you just call him," she said,confusion filling her so fast that she couldn't continue without asking,"Did you just call him big brother?" Tobias nodded curtly.
"Yes,only by thirteen months though,to be fair," Tobias said,rolling his eyes. "He's not that much older." She took a step towards him,shaking her head.
"If he's your older brother,and yet you hold the throne,shouldn't he be," she hesitated to say it,as she feared she was crossing lines,"dead?" His face was utterly blank for a moment until he snorted,giving out a laugh.
"Successors aren't chosen by birth order,darling,they are decided by strength," he said,but even that didn't make logical sense. She looked from Tobias to Leon,who was now lounging in a chair casually,clearly and visibly breathing as healthy as could be.
"But he's still alive," she sputtered,eyeing Leon.
"Brilliant observation,beautiful Selene," Tobias responded,and she thought for just a moment that he was suppressing a smile,"But not observant enough. Leon?" Leon,who was nibbling on a slice of cheese,smiled at him slyly. His eyes turned to her,glittering.
"Behold,my greatest flaw," he said dramatically,and then yanked up one of the legs of his trousers. She gasped,eyeing the silvery object. It was metal – his entire leg. A prosthetic.
"What-I don't-"
"Yes,my fake leg. It's a bit flashy,don't you think?" Leon laughed,wiggling it. "And yet I'm still the best at jousting." Tobias waved his hand at the odd,metal contraption like it was far from special. She had never seen anything like it,even thought that they were myths. Sure,some men in her village had wooden planks as prosthetics but never made out of metal. Clockwork wasn't common.
"So you see,he would've lost combat by all means," Tobias said arrogantly,smirking. She glanced at Leon,a mix between horror and disgust filling her face,but he merely smiled at her. For a moment she even wondered if there was relief on his face.
"Don't worry,this wasn't Tobias's doing. A man,Jameson,cut it off during a brutal battle," Leon replied. "Never been able to make love to a girl the same ever since." Before she could spew out her apologies,feeling flushed with embarrassment,Tobias spoke.
"Speaking of dear Jameson,he is coming over today," he said,clearing his throat. "Along with a few other members."
"Oh for the love of the cauldron,not again," Leon groaned loudly. Selene's mouth dropped,stepping closer to the two of them.
"No!" She shouted. The cheese that was going towards Leon's mouth fell to his chest. Tobias's eyebrows perched up in surprise.
"No?" He asked back.
"You can't let Jameson come over here!" She objected. "He betrayed your brother." He rolled his eyes casually,grabbing an apple and then biting into it. Clearly,he thought it was a dull subject.
"Old news,my lady," Leon said immediately,shrugging as well,"You know what'll piss you off even more though? He killed one of my favorite mistresses. Took off her head like a corkscrew. There's not a girl in the world that's like Felicia. He is a fucking brute,no argument there." She shook her head at him fiercely,her hands out in the air.
"You would host a man who took off your leg and therefore threw away your chance at the throne like he was an old friend?" And she was talking to both of them now.
"Why,dear Selene,wouldn't we? Jameson is,after all,our most favored cousin."
"And,to be fair," Leon added evenly,waving his pointing finger,"I was more of the reading type,anyways."
It's a bit different than the other two chapters. Please,please,PLEASE review. I really feed off reviews and if you have the time,even leave a little comment about what you think. I really like reviews,even if it's just saying that you'd like more JAlso,sorry for the errors.

Her eyes jumped from Tobias to Leon and then to Tobias again.
"Do they…do they know we're married? Is this like a meeting over our marriage? Are they against it?" It was ridiculous,maybe even childish,but she knew what High Fae thought of Illyarians – they were used as weapons and weapons only. They weren't exactly peasants in the system,but they weren't marriage material either. They were what they were and they would stay that way forever. And while Tobias's face was emotionless,she knew that he was in knowledge of what she was saying.
"If anyone has a problem with our marriage," he said,"they can die because of it." She took a deep breath,trying to release her worries but this meeting was with powerful people – one of whom had almost ruined the royal family by taking off a single leg. She wanted to believe in Tobias's power,yes,but power only went so far.
"And when will this be? This meeting?" Selene asked.
"In about,eh,I dunno,half an hour?" Leon answered casually,nodding towards the sun. "But those ogres are always an hour late. So see you an hour?" It took her a moment,as she held his gaze,to realize that he was still talking to her.
"Wait, me? You aren't actually insisting that I be a part of this meeting,are you?"
"Well,you can read can't you?" Tobias replied.
"Yes,I already told you that."
"Then I'm not sure why you wouldn't," he said. She looked down at herself,at the silk nightgown that she had entirely forgotten about.
"I didn't change," she said,"I-" He waved his hand at her impatiently.
"Then go do that. I don't want to exile half my counsel for staring at your breasts." he said harshly. She flushed.
"Where do I get clothes? I don't-"
"Go open that door in your room that you refuse to open – yes,I saw how you looked at it when I brought you in this morning. It's called a closet," Tobias sneered sarcastically. "And wear that…what are those things called again,Leon?"
"Traditional sashes?" Leon guessed. Tobias snapped his fingers approvingly.
"Yes,put a dress on and then layer some sashes over it. It's Night Court tradition," he told her. She felt herself pulling at her gown anxiously,confusion filling her. But,in fear that her incompetence would backfire on her,she walked out of the room soundlessly and with slight hesitation,walked up the large steps. While the estate was straight forward,the place made her dizzy. There were so many rooms – so many stairs. She couldn't remember how many flights she took up until she turned around and started over again from the main landing. It probably took her ten minutes before she made it to her room again,despite it being just a few floors above them and the fourth door to the left.
When she opened the door to her room,she sat at the edge of her bed worriedly,staring around at the lavender walls. There was barely anything in the room,and a part of her wanted to fill it up but when she thought about it deeper she didn't know what in the world she would fill it with. In her village,all she could ever think about was collecting herbs and helping around the house. Though her father was a blacksmith,she was a part-time laundress for some extra money,but that was all she had. She didn't know much about herself or what she wanted to do now that she had the opportunity. She just wanted to be safe.
After a few minutes of day dreaming,she forced herself off the bed and walked towards the closed closet cautiously. Taking in a wary breath,she opened the door slowly. She didn't know what she was expecting – a cloak,a few dresses,possibly even something else entirely. But instead she tipped back on her heels,gaping. There were more than a few dresses – so many that she was almost afraid that it had to be someone else's. There were at least twenty dresses in the closet,all ranging in rich colors. Her eyes scanned them in awe,unsure of which one to pick. There were so many colors – a pure white,a deep maroon,sapphire blue. But,praying that she wouldn't catch anyone's attention,she picked a plain black gown. Without thinking,she stripped down to her underwear and tossed the black gown over her head. Instead of two straps to hold up the dress,there was only one that reached across her chest. It was sleek,pretty but hopefully made her invisible.
Her eyes fell back inside the closet,looking at the many cloths that were hung up on the back of the door. They weren't dresses like the others,but were long cuts of materials. They were sashes,she deducted quickly. She remembered what Tobias and Leon had told her about the sashes. But how many should she put on? And which ones would be appropriate? She realized quickly,as her fingers ran across them,that six to seven sashes were attached together,as if whoever put them there was implying that they should be worn together. She picked up one of the bundles,her eyes scanning it. The bundle contained sashes ranged from a light,opaque shade of red to such a dark red that it almost looked black. While she felt uncomfortable putting on the severely nice material,the rest of the bundles were far too distracting for her. Most of the other bundles were filled with much brighter colors,which would cause far more attention than she needed. She put them over her body lankily,fidgeting with the order of which they should be displayed on,but then she heard a voice echo.
"He took away my goddamned land and just gave it to some new bloke that he met on his last travel. Said that I wasn't inspiring enough. And because he couldn't trust someone who has only fucked his sister." She walked towards her closed door,pressing her ear to it silently. While the voice was several floors away,she couldn't help but listen.
"Well,do you still fuck your sister?" Another unfamiliar voice asked evenly.
"Duh. But that doesn't mean I've never fucked anyone else," the first voice responded. The other voice,light but still loud enough to be clear even from floors below,laughed. She waited until their chortles were no more than barely audible whispers before she opened the door sneakily. As she turned her head towards the nearest staircase,she decided quickly that she didn't want to run into the two men. Knowing that she had never gone that way and wasn't exactly sure where the next staircase was and what room would meet her on the main landing when she did,she daringly stepped into the new territory.
She thought it would be easier maneuvering in the house through a different passage,but it only confused her more. The hallway walls changed colors,the repetitive doors soon looked far different than what her own bedroom door had looked like,and only a few minutes later she was wondering if she was still in the same house. Everything,even though she was still on the same floor,looked entirely different when she walked closer to the opposite wing,and it terrified her. There were more turns and corners than she had imagined and she still was yet to see a second staircase. She swung her head behind her anxiously,looking back at where she had come from originally. Her bedroom door was no longer in sight. Thankfully,as her pace quickened,she caught eyes with the second staircase. Nervously,she teetered down the steps,counting down the floors. When she arrived to the floor that she had sworn was the main landing,she knew she made a grave mistake. It looked nothing like the living room she had been swept into only an hour prior.
"Lost?" A voice,light as can be,asked. She jumped around jerkily but when she met eyes with the stranger,her face softened. Unlike Tobias,she deducted quickly,he showed no signs of intimidation nor a threat. No warningly vibes went down her spine and he didn't appear quite that evil at all. He even looked,well,nice. Even though she had only been in the castle for a short time,she knew that nice high fae were hard to come by. And not only that,but he held an unusual beauty that only she could relate to. He ran his fingers up and down his white-blonde hair casually,making her stare at the unusual blonde that he bore,just like her. One part of her was screaming to run,because surely this beautiful man had to be a trick,but she couldn't find herself to walk away.
"It must be your first time here,right?" The man continued,stepping towards her cautiously. She felt her moist hands clamp together.
"Something like that," she said under her breath. He waved his hand forgivingly,a warm glow filling his cheeks.
"I've probably been here a dozen times and I still don't know how to get through this maze. I was just trying to find the bathroom and yet I have no idea where I am," he said,his green eyes dancing around the room. "I'm assuming this is the trophy room,though." It was evidently sarcasm as her eyes swept across the room – there had to be a dozen golden cups on the many shelves,along with a number of animal horns that illustrated Tobias's magnificent hunting skills. She sneered at the sight. Why did the high fae think that trophies illustrated someone's power? Shiny objects didn't make a difference to her.
Her eyes,now filled with suspicion,went back to the mysterious man. He was clearly a council member by the many pins on his tunic and was standing with an arrogant grace that reminded her greatly of Tobias. They held each other's gaze silently until his eyes widened and he stepped closer to her. He took in a sharp breath,gaping as he looked at her up and down rapidly. Her cheeks heated instantly as she inched backwards,feeling suddenly aware of the fact that they were very much alone.
"What's wrong? What are you looking at?" She demanded,but he merely shook his head.
"You're Illyarian," he blurted in awe,his words but a whisper. She glanced around the trophy room frantically,an explanation forming on her lips but then he held out his palm.
"I am not trying to ridicule you. It's…inspiring," he said,looking at her with a twinkle in his eyes. "An Illyarian,here. At a council meeting. If our people wrote books-"
"Our people?" She interrupted,her eyebrows furrowed down. She scanned his body again,looking more closely for details now. While he was far from forgettable,she didn't see any wings or any distinct Illyarian features. To be honest,he practically looked anti-Illyrian. Like her,his vibrant blonde hair and golden eyes stuck out vividly,nothing like the dark hair and dark eyes that normally filled the Illyarian villages. At least she had wings though,unlike him.
"My mother is Illyarian," he explained quickly,reading the confused look in her eyes,"Sadly,I didn't inherit the wings. But my father's side gave me enough power to not be bitter."
"In all due respect,I don't think there's a single thing on this planet that would stop me from being bitter," she replied,almost snappily. "Our Illyarian blood,no matter how tiny,should not be forgotten." He gave her a crooked smile.
"I didn't say I wasn't envious," he said lightly,flashing her a half-smile. "Now,what is your-"
"Selene," she replied quickly,too quickly,and then cleared her throat. "My name is Selene." He bowed at the waist,making her flush harder.
"And my name is Owain." When he rose back up,his eyebrows were furrowed down at her dress. He tilted his head curiously.
"Nobody told me we were going to war," He said,his eyes narrowing on the sashes,a small glint of anger in his eyes. Her body stiffened.
"War? We're going to war?" She asked fast,her heart beat suddenly racing. "What-" But he reflected the same surprised look.
"Your sashes," he said,pointing at them rapidly,"The color order of the red. It signifies war,does it not?" And then,just like that,her face drained dead white and she was gripping the sashes desperately,fear filling her eyes.
"I-I didn't know. I promise I didn't know. I need to go change,please tell-" Without a warning,he reached for her sashes and reversed them,making the color pattern the exact opposite than before. He layered them carefully across her chest,shifting them at an angle that almost made them look elegant if it wasn't her who was wearing them.
"Good thing you met me first. The High Lord may have just taken off your head for sending such a message," he said,smiling as he took one step back,"Perfectly non-deathly now. Now,is it okay if we go back towards the High Lord's conference? I heard there was a bathroom right next to the conference room." Without waiting for her to reply,he began walking out of the room and on towards the next wing. She teetered behind hesitantly.
"I'm assuming you are a newlywed?" He said,almost mockingly as turned his head back to her. "Oh,don't give me that look. You stick out like a sore thumb with that dazed look in your eyes." She pursed her lips at him defensively.
"And I'm assuming you're one of the daft morons who caused this conference to occur," she snapped back. He snorted at her,his eyes bouncing with amusement.
"Quite the opposite," he argued. "I'm one of the few that settles down the fires that erupt in that room. I must admit,it's a good thing we have a lady in the room. Now I know that there will at least be two rational people speaking." She flashed him a surprised look.
"My husband told me that-"
"Fuck,please don't tell me you're one of those girls who actually have the opportunity to walk in there and yet watch in silence as those men corrupt this world," he snapped suddenly. She blinked at him stupidly,stopping for a moment.
"It's been two hundred years since the high lord allowed a woman to join the conference," he went on. "Don't blow it."
"But I'm not a councilmember," she argued,though her voice cracked uneasily. "I'm a woman. I can't-" The look on his face silenced her.
"Talk?" He finished. "Have an opinion? Trust me,lovely,if you're going to be a part of this world,you are going to have to keep up."
"An opinion? I don't know anything about this place. My husband-"
"Why do you think your husband wanted you to come anyways?" He asked back harshly. She opened her mouth but then she closed it quickly. Why did he want her to come? She assumed because of aesthetics,to introduce her to his council,but what part did she play?
"You think he wants my opinion? That's why he wanted me to come?" She replied back. He shrugged sarcastically.
"I'm not sure why else he'd drag his wife to this ghastly place," he sneered,looking around him grimly. "Who are you married to,anywho? Quentin? Fabian?" She opened her mouth,about to tell him,but then he waved his hand at her dismissively.
"Oh,it doesn't really matter,I guess," he said quickly. "They're all the same. Brutes till the very end." She bit her lip gently.
"Actually,I..." She paused for a moment,clearing her throat. "I'm married to the High Lord. The High Lord." Owain stopped sharply. He turned towards her,his eyes wide as he scanned her once more.
"What?" Her face drained white. She had to admit,it probably wasn't the brightest idea to spout the news to a man she barely knew. Surely,Tobias would want to tell them himself,as it was a pretty large announcement.
"I'm his mate," she said,her voice pierced highly. "I know,it's quite a shock. Someone like me,being courted by someone like him." His eyes went up and down her again,his mouth slightly ajar.
"I'm…I'm of age," she stuttered,her cheeks hot as he stared at her. "I know,I look like a child. But I'm eighteen and have already bled. And,I know how to write and read. I have manners and-"
"He really is going to change this place," he whispered to himself,his eyes wide with wonder. She blinked at him stupidly.
"What do you mean?" She replied,but he merely shook his head and began walking again. She hurried behind him as he continued to shake his head and mumble under his breath.
"Wait!" She demanded,following on his heels as fast as she could. "What do you mean,changing this place?"
"He married an Illyarian," he said,letting out a shallow snort. "There isn't another man in that room who has the balls to marry an Illyarian,even if they were mates. Anybody else would've just kept you as their whore,love." She pursed her lips.
"What's your point?" She said,this time snappily. He stopped walking for a moment,letting out a sigh. She could see as she peaked over his head that they had almost made it to living room,which meant they were one step closer to the conference room. Even from a room away,she could hear the men's harsh voices as they snarled at each other.
"There's something new about you,Selene. Not just you being an Illyarian,but something else. Something that makes him want you at that meeting. Oh,and I finally found the loo." Instead of walking further into the next room,he turned to his right and opened a dusty door that was clearly the bathroom.
And as he walked away,whistling under his breath,she couldn't help but look at how bright his blonde hair was.
~*~discidium~*~
She finally caught her breath when she met eyes with Leon. He looked anxious – frightened maybe. He was lingering outside the conference room with a sneer on his lips,shooting dagger-like stares at every man who passed him. But when he saw her,he pushed past the men roughly,ignoring their cold curses. His lips were trembling.
"The fuck have you been?" He hissed. "I've been looking for you everywhere! Half of the council is already seated and you're…" His eyes fell down on her suddenly,analyzing her body. Not sexually,thank the cauldron,but as if double checking that all of her limbs were still together. The anger,like a time table,brushed away within a second. Her eyebrows furrowed down.
"I got lost-?" She began but he rolled his eyes tiredly.
"Oh,forget it," He said with a sigh,pulling her with him towards the large double doors that led them into the conference room. A small smile appeared on her lips.
"Were you worried about me,Leon?" She teased. He waved a hand at her.
"For my own head,really," Leon told her with a huff,though he still didn't seem calm. "You look nervous – stop being nervous. It doesn't help. Just…be yourself. You are,to be frank,the safest person in the room." She swallowed anxiously.
"I don't know how to be myself," she mumbled,"I'm not ready-"
"Then just sit down and follow along,alright?" Leon said,unusually sharp. "Fuck,we have to go in. Come on." But before she could comment on the sweet relief that filled his face as he looked back at her once more,she stepped into the conference room. It wasn't extraordinary like she expected – just plain walls and a dark wood table that seated at least forty men. The only object that stuck out was a wooden throne,which was carved with interesting designs that made her blink stupidly. Tobias was slouched inside of it comfortably,his eyes hawking the room with his lips curled back in disgust.
"Oy,we have an Illyrian here," A voice behind her gruffed. She turned her head fast,meeting eyes with a thick man who had a beard down to his waist. His eyes were dark – dark like Hunter's. He looked at her greedily,his mouth in a smirk. She glanced around her quickly,realizing in an instant that Leon had stopped to speak to someone and that he was too far away for her comfort.
"Must be the High Lord's new mistress," another man,a redhead,snorted. "'ey,love,do we get to bed with you too?" Instantly,her face flushed with redness. She stepped back on her heels.
"I-" And then she heard the sharp slinging sound before she saw it. A dagger,small but sharp,whisked through the air and hit the redhead square in the neck. He tripped back,choking loudly as the voices quietened. She felt someone pull her back – Leon,probably. Her eyes danced around,watching as none of them men reached for the choking man. Her fingers tingled as she had to stop herself from reaching for him,and thankfully the gruff hands holding her back held onto her tightly.
"She is my wife," Tobias said behind her,still sitting in his chair leisurely,his voice so sharp that he didn't need to raise it. "Lady Selene. And the next person who dares to disrespect her will have their entire village burned down to the ground." There was a chilling silence but yet,everything suddenly felt so loud. All the men's faces,no matter how large or scary they seemed,turned white. But then a man stepped up daringly,his eyes flashing.
"You let an Illyrian be the mother of our land? They aren't High Fae," The man pointed out. When she turned her head,she was surprised to see a smile on Tobias's face.
"Last time I checked,Haagen,neither are bastards," he spat coolly,the smile still on his lips. The man,Haagen,flinched his lips up angrily,his hand inching towards his knife,but then stepped back with a grunt. She let out a breath. Awkwardness filling her,she stepped towards Tobias and sat in the chair right beside him,about to whisper an apology but his eyes were sweeping across the room again. He didn't acknowledge her as she waited for him to meet her gaze,so she sighed deeply,catching the reassuring look on Leon's face. He sat on her opposite side,leaning towards her.
"Don't worry," Leon said,and she wondered as she looked at him where that care-free man she had met earlier had gone. There was anxiety all over his face. "Just breathe." She turned back in front of her,trying to ignore the annoying tapping that Leon was doing against the table. Tobias,on the other hand,looked cold as stone. His fingers didn't inch towards her,and for a long moment she didn't know where she should look at – her cold,unreadable husband or the nerve-filled brother-in-law beside her.
"I guess we should start," Tobias drawled after a moment,catching the eyes of all the men in the room. Most of the men looked away instinctively,but a few,bravely,held his gaze. "Does anybody have anything to say,for a start?" Nobody said anything at first. They all merely looked at their laps or quickly glanced at the person beside them and Tobias's eyebrows lurched up in surprise.
"Nobody?" He asked,louder. "Nobody has anything to say?" But then just as Selene came to believe that nobody had an objection,a larger man stood up. Selene caught her breath,thinking that possibly Tobias would've been insulted but he smiled at the large man. His eyes twinkled,but not in an admiring way. A calculating way,a predatory way.
"Ah,Salazar," Tobias said.,amusement filling his voice. "I see Jameson isn't accompanying you?" The man fidgeted awkwardly,glancing around the room before meeting Tobias's eyes once again.
"He told me he'd meet me here," The man replied,"He said he was going to take a different route to here. He must be la-"
"You're boring me,Salazar," Tobias said suddenly,rolling his eyes,"Please,go on and babble about what is on your mind." Salazar straightened suddenly,as if jumping a bit,but then as he fumbled with his cuffs he nodded his head obediently.
"You took away my lands," he said,his voice cracking at the end. Selene expected to see snickering but around the room,all the members suddenly sat upright. Fear stung their faces as their eyes widened. Clearly,the fact that someone's lands were taken away meant something far worse.
"And?" Tobias replied,picking at his fingers. Salazar swallowed.
"Well,the Northern Lands have been in my family for five generations and only I know those lands as well as-"
"Wrong," Tobias snapped. Salazar blinked.
"Ex-Excuse me,my lord?"
"You are certainly not qualified to hold those lands," Tobias said easily,glancing up at him. Salazar's mouth opened immediately.
"Not qualified? In all due respect my lord,who could be more qualified than someone who was born to be the representative of the northern tribes? That is-"
"Selene of the Northern Lands."
And then Selene's face snapped towards Tobias like a lightning bolt.
"Me?" Selene blurted. "I-" But then she felt Leon's tight hand clasp her leg. Letting out a choking sound,she looked at Leon desperately but he shot her a stern look. She took two uneven breaths and then looked around the room once more. All the men were staring at her in horror.
"Her?" Salazar said,anger rising in his voice. "An Illyarian,in charge of nearly twenty villages?" Selene couldn't help but agree.
"Yes. Since she has lived in one of the nearby villages for the last eighteen years,unlike you who hasn't slept a night in your lands in over a decade,I thought she was a wee bit more qualified. Do you disagree?" Tobias merely said,his eyebrows raised. The man let out a shaky breath.
"I-My Lord-No. No,I…I agree," The man managed to say,slumping back down in his chair in surrender. The man's eyes looked far away,staring into nothing as if he had lost his entire life,and yet he couldn't even argue. Selene,on the other hand,was looking at Tobias as if he were absolutely insane. Her? Be the representative over twenty villages? She couldn't possibly-
But then the doors opening with a bang interrupted her thoughts. She heard Leon's growl before the doors opened fully,and she blinked once she registered the two figures in the door way. Two men lingered in front of the councilmembers – one large one and one,she realized quickly,was someone she had just met. Owain. She looked around the room again,suddenly realizing that he had in fact not arrived yet. The larger man,she realized,must have been Jameson,as everybody looked quite alert. She noticed how both of the men glanced at the dead body lingering in the doorway,as if mildly interested,but then walked in unison into the room.
"Our marvelous cousin," she heard Leon drawl under his breath in annoyance,and she could tell by the rest of the looks in the room that nobody disagreed.
It wasn't impossible to see how the beefy councilmen could slice off Leon's leg,to be fair. The man was taller than any person in the room,including Tobias,and had biceps bigger than her own head. It only took her half a second to recognize the slim figure beside him - Owain. He looked like a stick next to the man next to him,but there wasn't a flash of fear on his face.
"Well,well,well," Tobias chimed,his hands intertwined and his elbows propped onto the grand table. "Infamously late,as usual. Do you ever fail to be predictable,Jameson?" Her eyes moved towards the big fellow again,but he didn't even twitch. And then Owain stepped closer to the table,his hands on an empty seat. He had a smug look on his face.
"I have nothing to prove,my lord," Owain replied,and then it was at that moment that she realized who Owain was. Jameson wasn't the large ogre-like man. He was Jameson. Owain was Jameson. It took every part of her not to seem surprised,even a bit betrayed,as he smirked at each person individually,but when his eyes found hers his arrogance ceased. His eyes twinkled at her for a moment,holding her gaze for longer than she liked. While majority of the table didn't catch it,she could have sworn she heard a growl under Tobias's breath.
"Sit,Jameson," Tobias demanded. With a flawless smirk,Jameson sat directly in front of her,leaning back in his chair casually and tipping on the back legs of the chair. As his eyes remained on her,she looked away casually,avoiding his gaze.
"Did I miss anything,my lord? Everybody looks stricken," Jameson said,chortling. Nobody followed his laughs,but Tobias flashed him a cruel smile.
"I was just telling the council how I have given the Northern Lands to Selene,my new wife," Tobias said,and she heard a hint of arrogance in his tone when Tobias said her name. Jameson's smile didn't falter but there was a flicker in his eyes.
"Ah,taking away a lord's only income is such a traditional gift. Tell me,how did you meet? Are you a lord's daughter? A desired woman?" This time,she realized,Jameson was talking to her. She felt Leon's hand tense warningly. She opened her mouth,choking for a moment.
"I…we…" He found me bound to a post,ready to be slaughtered for treason. But she didn't say that. Instead she said,"My father is a war hero. We met through him." Leon's hands loosened but Jameson,she realized quickly,didn't believe her. It was written all over his face when he gave her a tight smirk – it was like he could see right past her. Like he knew her.
"Congratulations," he said in a tense voice,his eyes flickering towards Tobias. "Now,please tell me,why are we all here?"
"Annual meeting," Tobias said slowly,emphasizing each word as if Jameson was absolutely stupid.
"Yes," Jameson said,dismissing Tobias's tone. "But why now? It's not supposed to be for another three months." Tobias huffed impatiently.
"It's time we start thinking ahead. Not that you have much to contribute,Jameson." There was a tick of silence before Jameson's eyes darkened. His smile vanished.
"What is that supposed to mean,my lord?" Jameson said carefully,clearly forgetting about his cheeky persona. But,Tobias hand was smirking so victoriously that the hair's on the back of Selene's neck went straight up. Curious,Selene's eyes shifted towards Leon's face but Leon's face was emotionless.
"Well,now that you let your people be barbequed like pork chops,I assumed you wouldn't even show up," Tobias said. Selene's eyes widened and a sharp pain hit the bottom of the stomach. Around the table,the lords looked away uncomfortably. Barbequed? But even Leon's eyes filled with sympathy.
"I heard they burned to death," Tobias went on,chuckling cruelly. Jameson's face was dead white and his eyes,though once seemed handsome,looked deathly.
"My men died in honor," Jameson corrected,his lips shaking. "If anything,my people were hoping you'd show up. You are their generous High Lord after all." Tobias's small laughs turned into bellows.
"I have more people to worry about. You think one tribe is at the top of my priority?" Jameson let out a cold laugh
"Only a tribe over fifteen thousand men,two-thirds of whom died," Jameson said through his clenched teeth. "And you didn't send an ounce of relief."
"It's not my fault that your men can't fight," Tobias chortled in return,laughing still.
"My men were sleeping," Jameson snapped back. "If you had brought the resources like I had politely asked for,this wouldn't have been an issue."
"I can't spear my resources on something so petty as a fight against a warlord. I have multiple war lords against me. What,you want me to march all the way up there and give you all of my supplies? All of my help?" He was taunting him,Selene realized. The man that cut off his brother's leg,who stopped his brother from being the ultimate ruler of the Night Court. But she felt like there was something else,something beyond the maddening glint in her husband's eyes.
"When half of the woman are slaughtered and more than half of the children are now orphans,yes," Jameson said,and she could swear there were tears in his eyes. Tobias shook his head at him.
"You started that fight," Tobias said to him,"You did that,Jameson. Not me. I refuse to be held responsible for something I specifically didn't agree with. You should've done better." Jameson's mouth opened in protest,his fingers digging into the wood table.
"If I may interrupt,my lord,war lords have been threatening my tribe as well," a man interrupted. Everybody's head swung to that part of the table,eyeing the man. He was sweating profusely. Tobias's eyebrows perked up in mild interest.
"And have you tried negotiating?" Tobias asked. The man turned red.
"Well,yes,but they want to talk to you," the man said. "We-I need help." Tobias's mouth turned into a tight line and clearly,he wasn't pleased with standing up against the warlords.
"I'll send him a letter," Leon interrupted quickly,not without shooting a warningly stare at his brother. "As our lord's high general,he'll take me seriously." Jameson scuffed under his breath but nobody heard him but her.
"Thank you," the man said,nodding his head down. Leon nodded back at him curtly.
"And I,my lord,have been raided continuously. We have fought and tried negotiating,but like Jameson's situation,they are not listening," a third man said. Tobias leaned back in his chair and let out a long,exhaustive puff of air.
"How many have died?" Tobias asked curiously. The man closed his eyes for a second,taking a shallow breath.
"Fourteen men,but twenty women have been raped and five young boys are missing,my lord," the man said,pain aching in his voice. While Selene's stomach twisted and she wanted so much to just reach out to the stranger,Tobias rolled his eyes.
"Fine,I will release warriors to all of your villages. They'lll guard the front gates – or your damn house. Whatever you need," Tobias said finally,clearly defeated. Jameson shook his head,a mirthless smile on his face.
"Sending a few warriors? That won't be enough," Jameson said,letting out a chuckle. "These war lords are hungry. We need a firm leader to defend us." Tobias barred his teeth. Around the table,multiple lords agreed.
"Be careful,Jameson. Don't push your luck," Tobias growled. Tobias had a small smirk on his face as Jameson turned away hastily after a long moment of holding his gaze tightly. Selene swallowed.
"How many warriors,my lord?" A voice interrupted. Tobias turned towards one of the lords who had interjected. He shrugged casually.
"I'll distribute one-sixteen of my Illyarians,Bernard." My Illyarians. And one-sixteenth. How many did that mean? One,maybe two of the Illyarians in her village? She-They could spare that many,but it didn't settle well.
Bernard cleared his throat. Leon's lips turned up.
"Don't silence yourself,Lord Bernard. Speak if you have an issue," Leon demanded. Bernard nodded hesitantly.
"Well,yes. I just-Well,I can speak for most of the lords here that we will need more than one-sixteenth of the Illyarians. We need an army,my lord." Suddenly,Selene tensed. Those Illyarians were her people as well. Surely,her new husband understand that it was her job to protect them. But,as she looked at Tobias pleadingly,he didn't look her away. She leaned to the front of her seat anxiously,watching as his mouth opened.
"Fine,Bernard. You get one fifth of all the Illyarians under one hundred and fifty years old in the North Western villages." One-hundred and fifty years old. In the North Western villages. Most of the ones that young were still in underdeveloped villages,waiting for recruiters to finally take them in. That wouldn't just cut into the Illyarian camps – they would cut into the villages as well. Her village.
Her fingers clung to the table tightly,sucking in a harsh breath.
"No," she tried saying,but she couldn't let the word out. An army – an army of Illyarians. Those were her people – the people she was bound to protect. With the camp leaders she had,the people needed the few Illyarians that would stop the women from being raped and the children abused.
"Fifty percent and all of them have to be under a hundred years old. I want them young," Bernard argued. That was over half of the Illyarian villages,she wanted to say. That was her entire village. That was her everything.
"No," Tobias replied. She looked at Leon desperately and finally she caught his attention. His eyes looked at her piercingly,clearly understanding what was running through her head.
"Forty-five."
"You're pushing it," Tobias reminded him. Bernard swallowed.
"Would you-would you,my lord,allow for forty percent of the Illyarian legion?" There was a moment of silence. Tobias straightened on his chair.
"Wait!" Jameson interrupted sharply. She saw,at that moment,that the same desperate look that she had was on his face as well. Her husband's eyes flickered at him.
"I advise you not to do that,my lord," Jameson told him,his voice oddly polite now. "Many of those men protect the villages. With the winter coming,they need to protect their villages. Surely,you can take the warriors from the training camps. They have more skills,better use. My lord-"
"Forty-percent?" Tobias asked Bernard quickly. The man nodded desperately. Jameson's mouth dropped.
"Wait-"
"I think forty-percent it is," Tobias agreed. Selene felt like she was going to puke. There was no way her village could recover from this – no way they would survive this winter. Jameson bolted up from his seat.
"This is absurd,an outrage!" Jameson bellowed. "Those Illyarians aren't trained for war – they're trained to take care of the village! Why don't you use the Illyarians that are in warrior camps? Isn't that what they're there for?! To be a goddamn warrior?!" But nobody defended him. Selene caught his eye,holding onto his gaze tightly.
"Do you accept this,Selene?" Her husband's voice said. He felt so far away – so distant. She looked at him,her mouth wide.
"Ex-excuse me?" She managed to say. He smiled but his eyes,his cold,dark eyes,glared at her.
"As his wife,you have to verify his agreement for war in order to secure the monar-"
"NO!" Selene shouted. And just like that,the entire room took in a breath. Many of the men leaned back in their chair,as if trying to get as far as possible from the quarrel. Her husband glared at her,his lips snarled back. She turned to look at Jameson but even he looked taken aback. His eyebrows were perched up,not necessarily in disagreement but as if he was impressed. The corner of his mouth lifted up.
"My Lady," Leon said beside her,"I understand your emotions towards your village make you fear the outcome of your lord's decision,but-" She swerved to face him.
"My emotions? This will destroy my village-my home!" She shrilled suddenly. "I apologize if my emotions stop me from being blind to the issue here!" Leon growled under his breath.
"Do not fear for your-"
"Tobias,please,don't do this!" Tobias jumped from his chair,glowering above her.
"Stop talking," Leon whispered to her. "Stop fucking talking." But she couldn't look away from her husband. His stepped over her,his face blocking the ceiling.
"I think you may be ill,my love," Tobias insisted,though there wasn't a hint of worry in his voice. Instead,his dark eyes were boiling.
"I am not ill!" She insisted. "I'm against this. How could you possibly-"
"I think you need to lay down. Go to your chambers." And when the words hit her,the sudden dismissal of her presence,beckoning her away to her room like a child,was the moment that she realized that she,the wife of the most powerful man she had ever met,was absolutely powerless. She flinched back. She opened her mouth but then Leon's hand grasped her wrist tightly,pulling her away from the table. She ripped her hand away hastily.
"Of course," she heard herself choke out,shuffling out of her chair and as she walked out,not daring to look back at the countless eyes watching her. Tears swam in her eyes because she had,once again,lost everything.
~*~*~discidium~*~*
Breathe in,breathe out. Breathe in. She was halfway up the spiral staircase when she heard the rushing feet behind her. Breathe out. Breathe in,breathe-
"If you're expecting me to apologize-" But then she stopped. Jameson skidded in front of her,a sly smile on his face. She scowled at him.
"Oh,it's just you," she spat,swerving around and strutting up the spiraling stairs again. To her greatest dislike,he didn't turn around.
"I came to follow you. I must admit,you left quite the silence. I don't think I've ever seen the High Lord so furi-"
"Oh,would you shut up?!" She snapped. She had made it to the third floor and as she turned to face him once again,her face filled with redness and her hands clenched,she snarled. "You made me look like a fool!" Jameson blinked at her stupidly.
"And how did I do that?" Jameson asked innocently. She shook her head at him.
"Oh,don't pretend you don't know what I'm talking about!" She snarled before continuing her walk towards her bedroom.
"I have absolutely zero idea what you're talking about. I was merely-"
"Well,firstly,you can't even get your bloody name right,Owain," She said,stopping at her bedroom door. His eyebrows went up.
"If you'd let me explain-"
"Oh,bugger off!" She said,stomping into her room dramatically and attempting to slam the door on his face but he caught the door easily. He walked in with an elegant strut and closed the door firmly behind him. She rolled her eyes.
"What? You actually have something to say to me?" She asked. Jameson leaned against her bedpost casually,catching her gaze through the mirror as she stomped towards the dresser and began to shed off the many layers of sashes.
"Would you have talked to me,Selene? If you knew my name,would you have talked to me?" Jameson said seriously,his arms crossed. "No,you probably wouldn't have. You probably would have given me the middle finger." She let out a mirthless chuckle,turning to face him once again. She was squeezing the bundle of sashes so tightly in her palm that she could feel her fingernails dig into her palm.
"And I'm assuming now you knew that I was the wife of the High Lord?" She said through her clenched teeth. He shrugged nonchalently.
"The only woman who is allowed in the meetings is the wife of the High Lord," Jameson answered evenly. "It wasn't too hard to deduct. Don't take it personally." And then she closed her eyes,trying to swallow the lump in her throat. She was dumb – a fool to believe that she could ever trust anybody in the palace. Of course,she thought,nobody but the representatives themselves would be allowed into the meeting. How could she be so stupid? So niave?
"Why are you even here? Shouldn't you be at the high and mighty meeting?"
"Because,Selene," Jameson said slowly,inching towards her as she rested against the dresser. "This whole damn place needs a hero." She squinted at him.
"A hero? And you think that's me?" She asked,her eyebrows rising. "I hate to break this to you,but I'm not a hero. I'm just a girl. A stupid girl from a village that obviously doesn't belong here. After what I just did,I am dead to them." Jameson tensed,his eyes twinkling.
"You can't leave," he told her sternly,taking long strides towards her. "You have a job. A duty-"
"I don't owe them anything," she said,stepping towards him as well. She could feel his breath tickle her face as he leaned towards her.
"Don't-"
"What the cauldron was that?" Leon stormed in her room suddenly,her door opening with a bang. His bloodshot eyes nailed on her before flickering to Jameson,his jaw tightening. "And what are you doing here?" Jameson shrugged nonchalantly,stepping towards the door.
"Just speaking to Selene-"
"You did this didn't you?" Leon growled,growing close to him. Jameson was smirking. "She's just a girl,Jameson. A girl." Jameson looked at him up and down for a moment,his golden eyes twinkling.
"She's our lady," Jameson corrected,"and I merely told her that it was a collaborative discussion. I didn't expect our lord to be so sensitive over a woman's opinion." Leon shook his head angrily,his face so furious that it was beginning to turn red.
"You made her look like a fool!" Leon's voice rose.
"Or are you afraid that I made your lord look like a fool?" Jameson countered. Leon's mouth opened quickly but nothing came out. Jameson nodded his head towards Selene,taking advantage out of Leon's silence. "Be wary of this one,Leon. She's stronger than she looks." He then stepped around Leon bravely,walking into the doorway. Before he left her vision though,he tossed his head around his shoulder and met her eyes.
"They think that they're superior but they're just people,Selene. Don't let their crowns fool you." And then without a second glance,he walked away calmly. Leon was nearly shaking in anger when he turned back towards her.
"You-"
"Get out." A new figure had walked into the doorway. Both Leon and Selene had turned towards the voice with a sharp exhale. Tobias was leaning against the frame casually,his crown now off his head. She met his eyes,which were no longer blazing but unexpectedly calm. Silence barred the room for a second,but then she nodded.
"Of course," she said. She went towards her closet,hoping to snag a coat before she was banished from his creepily beautiful home,until his voice stopped her again.
"I wasn't talking to you," he said irritably. She turned around,seeing as his eyes hit Leon's. "Leon,get out." Leon bowed his head.
"My apologies. I didn't mean to cross lines-"
"But you did. Now,get out." Leon,though grudgingly,walked through the doorway,casting Selene an angry look. Tobias's eyes glared at Leon threateningly and didn't tear his eyes away from his direction until she heard the front door of the mansion open and close with a slam. Her lord turned towards her again and immediately,her hands flew up in surrender.
"I'm leaving,alright?" She said,no longer caring about the tone in her voice. "No need to banish me or threaten to cut off my head." But Tobias merely gave her a smile as he closed the door. A chill went down her spine as he leaned against the closed door. She couldn't tell if he was leaning against it nonchalantly or if he was trying to block her exit. Either way,it made her squirm.
"Why is it every person I want to leave pick such a fight but the one person I don't want to leave is willing to leave so easily?" He chortled,a smile on his lips. She couldn't find the energy to smile back. He must have noticed the hard look on her face because he let out a sigh and ran his hand through his hair in exasperation.
"Look,Selene-"
"There are forty boys in my village," she said,her voice cracking as she took a step in his direction. "Forty. And the majority of them don't even know how to pick up a sword,yet you just basically ended their lives just so one of your council members would quit whining. How is that fair?" He tossed his head back,giving her a light,mirthless laugh.
"You really think I'm going to do that? You really think I'm following through with that promise?" He said,his palms out. "Selene,I do not plan on giving him those boys. Why in the world would I do that? War is coming and even if I wanted to,I can't waste a single Illyarian." She huffed.
"I doubt that," she scuffed,"you just promised a council member,a vow-"
"And I'm high lord," he growled. "I can change my mind any time I want,no matter what kind of vow I give. Why do you think Leon was so determined to silence you? He knows that I don't plan on giving those boys away. You know what's going to happen? Bernard is going to go back to his pathetic town,go to his hut where his messengers are and right there waiting for him will be a signed letter of me changing my mind." Her eyebrows furrowed down.
"But you can't just fall back on your promises all the time. People won't trust you and therefore won't respect you. It'll make your reign weak-"
"Unless I give them food," he said,the hard look forming over his face again. "My land,the lands that are under my rule,are very very cold. You should know how hard it is to get food. If I give him more food in return,there isn't anything he can say." She tilted her head.
"You use human necessities as a weapon?" She asked. He rose his chin.
"Yes," he said,his tone harsh,"That's how ruling works,beautiful Selene. You do awful things and you get great consequences. Anyone who argues with that is a damn fool." She waited for it to hit – the disgust to fill her body that the man she is married to,the man she is mated with,has been practically starving his people for power. But it never hit. She realized quite suddenly,for the first time ever,she could care less about the rest of the world. She only had the ability,the capacity,to worry about her village.
"You won't touch those boys?" She asked again,her voice wobbly as she stepped closer to him. "Promise me. And not one of those fake promises. A real promise." His eyes were flashing up and down her,his nose flared.
"You demand a promise? I am your high lord. I don't have to promise you anything."
"And I am your wife. That's the one vow that you cannot break," she heard herself say. While his eyes flashed,anger rising in his face,he didn't move. He held her gaze tightly,so tightly that it was unnerving.
"I won't touch them until the war comes," he said gruffly. She stopped walking towards him,only a few feet away. He had looked away stiffly,turned towards one of her walls like meeting eyes with her would only make him lash out. He looked broken,she noticed. His eyes,dark as night,were hollow and cold and he didn't inch closer to her. But then his eyes looked down,finding her gaze. They were dark,yes,but they had some emotion to them. Mostly anger,but there was something else. It was so twisted into the darkness that she couldn't figure it out. At least not now.
"Thank you," she whispered,her words falling into the world emptily. It didn't seem to catch him,as he didn't seem swayed by the gratitude. It was beyond him,she realized.
"Don't ever say thank you to me," he reminded her,his voice sharp. Though her eyebrows were furrowed down,she nodded. Her eyes flickered towards the window quickly. It was bright outside,cold but bright.
"What were you talking about earlier?" Tobias interrupted,clearing his throat. "If I may ask? You know,about those marriage activities?" She flushed quickly,waving her hand.
"Don't worry about it," she said,nervously. "It was just-it's nothing." But he shook his head.
"Your village was barbaric,Selene," he told her,"I don't want you thinking that I would ever agree with any of their traditions. They treat each other like scum and treat their women even worse. Whatever they make you do,whatever a woman has to do to prove their marriage bond,is not something you have to do here. I will never ask you to do it." Her eyebrows flicked up.
"You don't want heirs?" And then her look of surprise reflected back at her,as the stern look on Tobias's face vanished instantly.
"What do you mean heirs?" He asked,snarling the word. "Wait,have you been talking…" And then she felt her whole body warm with embarrassment,quickly realizing that they were certainly not on the same page.
"Sex," she managed to say. "I thought it was a universal tradition. Having sex the night of,I mean,and since we didn't exactly have time because we only got back here at day break,I didn't know if…" But then he bellowed. Not a cruel laughter,or a mirthless slaughter,but a truly humored string of laughs that rang around her room joyfully. She crossed her arms across her chest awkwardly until his laughs died out.
"Sex," he said back,"you've been talking about sex? I've been dodging that question all day thinking that I'd have to do something ridiculous like cut off one of your nipples for purity sacrifice or burn your vagina with an iron. I didn't know you were talking about sex." But when he noticed the stone-like look on her face,he stopped laughing. He scratched the back of his head awkwardly,failing to hide his suppressed smirk.
"No," he replied,"sex isn't…despite my relations with Rosalie,I do believe that sex is intimate,at least to an extent. It shouldn't be forced. And I know…" His eyes scanned her body wistfully,not bothering to hide his lust while he analyzed her every feature.
"I don't want to be with someone who doesn't want me,and despite me being the most powerful person in the world,I know you still aren't comfortable," he said,honestly. "And heirs…that is an entirely different topic for an entirely different time." She considered arguing,insisting that she owed it to him,but she ended up nodding.
"I just need time,my lord."
"Tobias," he corrected sharply. "My name is Tobias. It will always be Tobias to you,Selene." He began to walk towards her this time,only stopping when she could feel his breath on her face. Her eyes fell to the ground quickly.
"I know you are not fully ready but may I at least kiss you,Selene?" She heard him ask,and there was a crack at the end of his words. She looked up at him again,blinking. But then she saw how is body,when she hesitated,had stiffened. He cleared his throat deeply,tipping back on his heels. It looked like,for just a moment,like he was choking. Her hand went out towards him instantly,grabbing onto his body.
"Tobias,your face. You're losing color. Are you-"
"I asked if I could kiss you,Selene," He reminded her,his words nearly a demand,"May I-" But then she leaned up on her tippy toes and met his lips with hers. She expected it to be cold,just like his tone,but instead his lips were burning. Like he was alive,for just that one kiss. And as he pressed further,pulling her to him,she could feel his heartbeat pulse through his lips. She could feel everything about him - how his gruff hands too hold of her,how his lean body leaned against hers,how he refused to breathe until she let go. He wasn't cold and cruel like she had thought. He was like fire and ice. He was too passionate to be merciful.
When she opened her eyes again,he was looking at her like she was everything he had been searching for.
"I want to give you everything,Selene. But I don't have everything. Not right now,at least," he said with a sigh. "I know I am not easy to love,I know it's difficult to understand me. But you,you will never be a victim of my cruelty. You will never be hurt by me. If you just give me one chance,one shot." And as she looked at him,someone who she knew didn't deserve forgiveness. She wasn't niave - there was a reason why people feared him. Someone who had probably killed a load of innocent people,who had been unfair to many. But as she thought about it,as her lips still pulsed from his warmth,she found that she didn't care. She needed someone who used their power,who punished people like Hunter.
"As long as you understand that my wings,my wings will never be removed no matter who demands it," she said back. He didn't smile at her but she saw the happiness in his eyes,the exhilaration.
"A deal's a deal," he said.
~discidium~
I apologize greatly that I haven't posted in a while. I need some reviews in order to keep this coming though. Any opinions?
