First story in the fandom!
Please tell me what you think:)
Not sure about making this a continuing series but I'll try.
When Nesta first fell in the Cauldron she tried holding her breath. She told herself she would fight with everything she has and that included her dying before being turned into one of them. Although it didn't seem so from the outside,the Cauldron was very large and Nesta tried her damndest to swim to the top but she kept getting pulled back…
You can't pull back from this,you can't fight me,the Cauldron seemed to be telling her.
Nesta felt like giving up for a second,but then remembered Cassian standing before her. A bastard who never stopped fighting. A bastard warrior so selfless he was willing to lay his life for hers.
All I see is a bored and spoiled girl...
Nesta opened her mouth and screamed. I'll prove him wrong. I will prove everyone wrong. I can and I will.
Come quietly child,the Cauldron said,there is nothing you can do to change your fate.
Fight me,Nesta yelled.
Fire burned in her veins but she only thought of the bastard warrior who had never stopped fighting.
Nesta awoke with a gasp. The room she was in was unfamiliar and it took her a moment to remember the events of the past twenty-four hours.
Being stolen in the middle of the night by strangers,being shoved and carted around,being thrown into the Cauldron,Elain being thrown into the cauldron…
Fae. They were fae now.
Nesta tried to take long even breaths. She needed to be able to think straight. She looked down at her fingers grasping the covers. They were long and graceful. Not her human fingers,but her fingers nonetheless.
Nesta had always heard that fae had a superior sense of hearing and she took a moment to close her eyes and take everything in. Amongst the silence she heard -or felt- a person sitting in the chair next to her. They smelled like danger and leather. It was a smell she remembered well.
She opened her eyes once more to inspect her hands. "Cassian," the figure next to her was startled she could smell that in the air. She smirked and then remembered seeing Cassian in a pool of his own blood. His wings were completely torn apart and she remembered his hand reaching out for her… She wondered if his wings will heal.
"Where's Elain?" She asked,her voice cracking as if she hadn't used it in a while.
"In this same hall. She hasn't woken up yet,but she's seemed fine so far."
For a second Nesta remembered the powerlessness she felt as she saw them grab Elaine. There wasn't anything she could do to stop them but she won't let it happen again.
"You're a warrior,correct?"
He was silent for a moment before he spoke,"Yes."
She turned to look at him. He was leaning back on the chair. His upper body was bare except for the bandages crisscrossing his chest. Nesta gazed at them solemnly. "I want to tear their throats out with my bare hands. Will you teach me?"
His grin went from ear to ear,"When do you wanna start?"
Nesta pulled the covers from herself and got out of the bed on her unsteady fae feet,"Now."
They didn't notice that Nesta was growing wings until a couple of days after her transition. They sent her through every doctor in the Night Court and they all said the same things:the wings were permanent and there was nothing they could do.
Nesta stood sat on a balcony overlooking what was now being turned into Elain's garden. She usually kept her wings tight on her back but right now she let them loose and fluttering in the wind. It felt strange,as if she had grown an extra arm. An arm that was extremely sensitive and powerful. Every gust of wind sent shivers of both pleasure and want up her spine. She stretched her wings out a bit and saw as Elain joked around with some of her helpers. Thoughts of the future swirled in Nesta's mind. What did it mean being Illyrian?
She heard small footsteps before her. Cassian's training told her to attack,but the scent told her it was Feyre.
"I thought you weren't coming today," Nesta asked. Feyre's visits were sporadic,lasting anywhere between minutes and moments. She was never here longer than a couple of hours and she rarely came often. There was a cover that must be maintained while the war was being planned out and not even the High Lady of the Night Court would risk her cover for her family and friends.
Feyre sat beside her a gave her a small smile,"Lucien will cover for me as he always does."
Nesta growled,"How can we even trust him,how sure are you that he won't sell you out at any moment?"
"Elain is his mate,he will do anything to make sure she's safe."
Rhysand told her about the mating bond,and how they could sway Lucien by pretending they were holding Elain hostage. Nesta didn't trust any of it. She saw Elain down in her garden with some other fae,joking around and keeping busy. Nesta never wanted this for her. By now she should've been married to the Lord's son,never having to worry about anything ever again…
Nesta's wings fluttered in annoyance and Feyre glanced at them. Nesta silently cursed herself,she forgot that her wings were an extension of herself that she had yet to control. "Did they tell you?"
"Rhys did," Feyre said in a solemn tone,"It's kind of the reason I'm here."
"Helping me transition,huh?" Nesta said in an angry tone,"I didn't want this Feyre,I didn't want any of it. Why do I have to be given this?"
"I tried to make sure you guys didn't get caught in the middle,I didn't think this would happen either." Feyre looked regretful,"Nesta,please,I'm so sorry it turned out this way."
"I should not have let you use our house. I should have told you no from the beginning." Nesta turned to look at Feyre. Feyre was always the dreamer,always the one who gave everything to them in the cottage,and here she was,in a place where she could finally feel at home and in a way Nesta hated her for that.
"Nesta-" Feyre started,but got cut off by her sister.
"I need to go. Rhys said that since I'm an Illyrian-" Nesta spat the very word out of her mouth,"I must go and train with them in the mountains. I won't be here to look after Elain,so please make sure nothing happens to her." She got up,leaving Feyre alone in the balcony.
Nesta wasn't sure when or if she'd ever get to see Feyre again. Maybe she should've left with much kinder words but feeling anger was easier than telling Feyre she loved her and her sacrifice more than words could describe.
Nesta met Azriel in the first floor of the House of Wind. She was all dressed in her newly acquired fighting leathers. For someone who grew up on dresses the sense of mobility was strange. "I thought Cassian was taking me."
"Rhys wants him to rest while his body heals and we don't think Cassian's wounds will heal fast enough if he joins you in the war-camp."
"How long until he's ready?" She asked,trying to take the concern out of her voice.
"The healers said he should be ready in at least six months," Azriel smiled as if he was recalling a fond memory.
"Will he be joining me when he's ready?" Azriel nodded in affirmation and Nesta moved on to the question that had been nagging her all day,"What did Rhysand say about my condition?"
"He said he'll respect it. No one will know of your location except for me and Cassian."
"Not even Feyre?" Nesta knew that her sister and the High Lord had a connection and she didn't want him to let her location be known to Feyre.
"Not even your sister." Nesta nodded her thanks and Azriel continued speaking,"Have you said your goodbyes? You might not see your family for months." There was concern in his tone but Nesta ignored it.
"I've said what I needed to say. I'm ready to leave now."
"Can you fly?" He asked her.
"I… haven't had a chance to try." She was lying. She knew her body craved the feel of wind below her wings but she was too scared to answer the call. Azriel could probably notice her fear,even if he hadn't mentioned it.
"I'll teach you,don't worry," He smiled,"You'll love it. We'll just winnow to the War Camp," He stretched his hand out to her,"Are you ready?"
Nesta hesitated for a second,then took his hand and disappeared with him.

This chapter took such a long time to write.
Thank you to everyone who read,followed,and favorited. I really appreciate it!
Hope you like this new chapter.
They winnowed to a cottage set away from an Illyrian war-camp,the perfect place for someone under the High Lord's protection to stay at. Nesta paused to take a look around their surroundings. The cottage she was staying at was in the middle of a field,surrounded by trees on all sides. In the distance she could faintly hear sounds coming from the war-camp.
"You're not going to the war-camp yet," Azriel said once he noticed her looking towards the area where the sounds were coming from.
"I thought I came here to be a part of the war-camp," Nesta asked him.
"You don't know how to even fly,Nesta," Azriel said,"You'll join them soon enough. Now come,let me show you around." He started towards the cottage with Nesta trailing not far behind.
The bareness of the cottage reminded Nesta of the hovel she grew up in,but it had more furniture and food than they had ever had while they were living in the hovel.
"All the rooms are on this floor," Azriel said once they came up on the second floor. "You're the only one who is going to be staying here so you can choose whichever one you want."
"Are you going to spend the night?"
"No,I have to be back in Velaris for the war plans," He responded. Nesta nodded and tried to look calm but she could feel her body kicking into high gear. The last time she spent alone in a house she and Elain were taken…
Azriel must've felt her fear because he reached out to her and squeezed her shoulder,"Don't worry,you'll be safe here,I promise."
Nesta shook his hand off. "Your High Lord promised us safety when we were in our home and he couldn't deliver," She snarled at him,"Why should I trust you now?"
"Because it is very hard for someone to get past a whole squadron of Illyrians," He said as he turned and left Nesta in the hallway by herself. She heard the distant sound of his wings and even though she tried hard to keep it down,the fear kept rising in her.
When she was getting into bed she left a knife on her bedside table and another one under her pillow. If someone tried to get her while she slept she would make sure to give them a real fight this time.
Nesta heard Elain screaming for her help but she couldn't do anything to help her. Someone was holding her back and all she could do was listen to Elain's screams.
They were pushing her,down,down,down…
Someone grabbed her shoulder and Nesta's eyes immediately opened. She went reaching for the knife under her pillow,ready to lash out at her attacker. She launched herself at the person who grabbed her but the person was quicker than her and pinned her to the bed,their knees on her back holding her down. Nesta's wings flapped incessantly and she groaned in pain. Her wings are sensitive,so sensitive,the pain blinding but she kept bucking against her captor.
"Nesta,calm down. It's just me,Azriel!"
"Azriel?" She gasped out in disbelief,lying still,"I thought you were in Velaris?" She took in the darkness of the room,realizing that she must've only slept for a few hours.
Azriel let her go and backed off. "It wasn't a long meeting. Besides,someone has to teach you how to fly. I hope you slept well." He turned to walk out of the room and lit a candle with a flick of his wrist. "Breakfast is downstairs,get ready."
Nesta turned around on the bed and tried to slow down her breathing. One day at a time was how Cassian told her to take it,the fear will eventually fade away in time. She hated the fear they gave her. She hated this body she was given. She hated everything. Nesta yelled. She heard the sound of glass breaking and Azriel's boots running up the stairs. How was she going to explain this one when she didn't even know what happened?
Azriel ran into the room with his shadows swirling dangerously around him and looked at the glass covering the floor and then laid his eyes on Nesta,"Did you do this?"
"I was just lying on the bed,how could I do this?" She retorted.
"Unlike humans,fae have magic and can do this." He turned to make his way out of the room,"Get a pack of supplies ready,we might be away for longer than I thought."
Nesta walked out of the cottage behind him. When she usually saw him he only wore his two Siphons on his hands,but today he wore the whole set which made her think they were going to be away for awhile and he wanted to be prepared for anything. Since Nesta couldn't fly she knew they would be walking the whole way. They were silent as they journeyed on.
Azriel woke her up at the crack of dawn,while the whole world was still dark,misty,and asleep. Nesta could see the first rays of daylight in the distance,illuminating the barren tundra they walked through. They were high enough for snow to still coat the land and the more they walked the more the sun illuminated the mountainous region they were in. It was a cold,unforgiving place,and Nesta realized why Azriel and Cassian had to be tough and unforgiving themselves.
A cold wind passed through and Nesta shivered. "Are all the Illyrians raised on these camps?" She asked Azriel.
Azriel didn't face her but his voice still carried to her,"Every single one. Us Illyrians are bred for war and we only take the strongest with us."
"What about the weaker ones?"
"The Blood Rites take care of those."
Nesta felt a chill come upon her and pulled her furs closer. "What are those?"
Azriel gave one backwards glance towards her before he started,as if gauging her reaction,"They're what we use to pull the warriors from the novices. We put every single one of you on a mountain. No weapons,Siphons,magic,or your wings to help you. Just you and your abilities. Many attempt the Blood Rite. Not everyone makes it out."
The Illyrians were such hardy,uncompromising people.
"And once you pass the Blood Rite and become a warrior?" Nesta asked.
"We send you to whatever war is brewing," Azriel responded,"In war there is no room for mistakes therefore you can't fight unless you're a warrior who has passed the Rites."
Nesta turned the words over in her head. Only warriors who pass the Blood Rites join the war. Her only chance of going head-to-head with the King of Hybern was if she passed these Blood Rites.
"When are the next Blood Rites?" She asked Azriel.
Azriel stopped and looked at her,a look of disbelief on his face,"You can't seriously want to participate."
"Azriel," Nesta said in a cold tone,"Tell me. When are the next Blood Rites." This time she didn't ask,she demanded.
"Feyre-"
"Feyre isn't here and she might want to protect me but I need this,Azriel," She said,"If my only chance to go into battle against the King is to become a warrior through the Blood Rites,then I will fucking do it."
"Not everybody makes it out," He said,warning her,trying to change her mind.
"I understand."
"You can't even fly." He was practically grasping at straws. Feyre must want them to be as safe as possible for Azriel to try to sway her mind.
"That's why we're here in the cold,is it not?" She retorted. "I will learn,Azriel. Just give me a chance." A wicked smile came upon her lips. "I broke all the mirrors in the cottage,imagine what I could do if I was properly trained."
Azriel was silent for a moment as he thought it over and spoke again. "The next Blood Rite is in five months time. You need a lot of training and there's no time for idleness. Are you ready?"
Nesta imagined herself finally facing the King of Hybern and grinned. She could feel something stirring under her skin,in her blood. Azriel's shadows stirred as if sensing her bloodlust. "I'll be ready,I'll make sure of it."
It took them almost all day but they finally reached the top of what Azriel described as the "smallest mountain" in the vicinity. Nesta saw nothing small about the mountain as she stood at the edge of the cliff staring down. The cold wind passed through again,stronger than when they were in the woods. It moved her wings and her body practically sang with anticipation but something was holding her back.
Azriel came up behind her,"There's nothing to fear,Nesta,your body was made to fly the skies."
Humans were never meant to fly the skies,she wanted to say,but Nesta forgets who she is now,she always forgets. "I wasn't born flying like you."
She turned to him and saw a sad smile grace his face,"I didn't learn how to fly until I was older either."
"But you're Illyrian?"
"I wasn't always treated like one."
"Then how did you learn how to fly?" She asked,confused.
And then Azriel grinned and Nesta knew she wasn't going to like what was about to happen. He had a wide stance,wings fully outstretched and he launched his whole body at her. One second Nesta had her feet planted firmly on the ground,the next second she was freefalling over the mountain,
Nesta couldn't think or breathe through the terror but her body was singing,humming with want.
"Open your wings!" Azriel yelled beside her. He was coming down straight as an arrow,looking calm and collected beside Nesta's flailing. "Your body knows what to do!"
No,it doesn't know,she wanted to say as she saw the ground coming closer.
Please,please,please,her body pleaded. There was something stirring her blood,something under her skin that wanted out,
Your body knows what to do.
Let's see if that's true,Azriel.
Nesta closed her eyes and let whatever silent instinct her body now followed take over. As if by her command her wings stretched out,catching the air and steadying her flight. She opened her eyes and saw as she flew right over a field of wildflowers,flying close enough to leave a trail amongst the wildflowers.
Azriel flew next to her as she gained height,"I knew you could do it."
"Why did you throw me like that?"
"To teach me how to fly Cassian and Rhys did the same thing," He smiled,remembering a far away memory,"It obviously works on everyone."
Nesta wanted to lash out at him with her words,but she was feeling happy,so happy. As she raced Azriel around the mountains that day she forgot her hate and anger.
That night they decided to camp out in the mountains,with nothing separating their view of the night sky. They stayed silent until curiosity got the best of Nesta.
"Does Feyre not want us involved in the war?" Nesta asked Azriel. Nesta knew Feyre loved them very much and was always willing to protect them,but Azriel's refusal to let her take part in the Blood Rites made her wonder if her sister still believed they needed protection in their immortal fae forms..
"Feyre and Rhys they…"Azriel paused for a second,trying to piece his thoughts together. "They carry a lot of burdens. Some they don't speak to us about and instead keep to each other. Feyre was very affected by the way you were changed,and she worries so much. Feyre would love nothing more than to let you follow your own path in this war but I thought that letting you take part in the Blood Rites would be another worry for Feyre,another burden,even if she knows nothing about you being here."
Azriel turned to look at Nesta,shame written all over her face,"You have a purpose in this war,Nesta,and you need to forge your own path and I must let you,even if doing so adds another burden on our High Lady. I can't stunt your growth. You are participating in the Blood Rites,regardless of what anybody says."

Chapter title is from George R. R. Martins' A Song of Ice and Fire. It's the House of Dorne's saying.
This is another beast of a chapter that includes badass Nesta and fighting the establishment. I wasn't expecting it to come out this long honestly.
Once again thank you for reading,reviewing,and favoriting.
Azriel divided his time between his duties to the Night Court and training Nesta.
"If I throw you to them without you knowing anything," He explained to her,"You'll get hurt. And embarrassed."
"They can damn well try," She snarled. Nesta moved forward to take a shot at Azriel's face but he dodged it.
The Illyrians are a tall fae,and both Cassian and Azriel had taught her to use her short frame to her advantage and because of this she favored hand-to-hand combat. Her opponent can't escape her if she was in their face.
Nesta tried to throw another shot his way but she was too slow. Azriel caught her fist,bending her arm backward and throwing her on the ground,placing a knee right between her wings. Nesta gave a groan of discomfort when he pushed his entire weight on her back to keep her down. "You only say that because you haven't met them."
"If I've met you,I've met them,"
"If you say so,Nesta," He said as he stepped away from her,"I'll let you decide when you've met them."
He looked at her as she got up and dusted herself off,ready for another fight. "We need to get you Siphons."
"I don't need Siphons," She said flippantly.
"Your magic can only be controlled through the Siphons."
"I don't have any magic," Nesta growled. She didn't know if she was trying to convince Azriel or herself whenever she made that statement.
Azriel sighed,"Whatever you say,Nesta. Now let's go inside,it's getting dark."
And that was how her days had been lately. Azriel might not be able to spend the whole day,but he was there in the morning. She trained from sunup to sundown,preparing for the moment she could finally join the other Illyrians at the war-camp. Then one morning she woke up and instead of Azriel she saw a handwritten note on the table for her.
I think you're finally ready to meet the other Illyrians.
She smiled to herself. About damn time,she thought.
The war-camp was different than what she expected. She was,confused by the lack of women. Azriel said they trained with the men,but where were they?
A man with a small entourage approached her. "Are you another one of the High Lord's Made proteges?" He said,chuckling,"I wonder where he finds all of you. I'm Lord Devlon,Commander of this camp. What are you doing here?"
"I'm here to train," Nesta said.
The man,Lord Devlon,laughed loudly,his entourage laughing alongside him,"Did you hear the girl? She showed up to train,haha. It must be your first day here,but the women have to finish chores before they can train?"
"Chores?" Nesta asked,confused. Azriel never mentioned chores.
"Yes,chores.' He said in a condescending tone. Nesta felt her temper flare but she couldn't go against the Commander of the camp. "The woman are out there-" He pointed to an area of the camp "- And once you all finish your chores,you will be allowed to train with the rest of us."
Nesta turned to go,but hesitated. "Well what are you waiting for?" Lord Devlon said when he noticed her hesitation,"If you want to train you'll have to finish your chores. Now go on,go!"
Nesta spread her wings and flew to the area where he pointed at. Once she reached it she saw that all the women in the camp were here doing various chores. Some were cooking,some were washing clothes,no matter the chore they were all busy. She noticed a few like her were wearing the Illyrian fighting leathers,probably finishing their chores before
Someone tapped her shoulder and Nesta turned to face them. It was an older Illyrian women. Her skin tan and her hair up in braids. She wasn't wearing the Illyrian fighting leathers and instead wore a simple calico dress. "Hello,dearie," She said,"Always nice to have some more help. What are you good at?"
Nesta already knew she didn't wanna be here but she had to comply with the rules of the camp. "I can cook."
"Ah," The woman said,"We do need an extra hand in the kitchens." She pointed out the kitchens and Nesta set out to them,ready to already get the day over with.
Nesta looked out at the window and saw that the sun was beginning to set. She had been here for six hours already. She was ready to leave. She turned to look at the girl working beside her. She too wore the fighting leathers,she might know when the end was coming.
"When will we be done here?" Nesta asked her.
The girl was confused at the question. "What do you mean?"
Nesta sighed. "With chores. I need to train with the men."
"Oh," The girl shrugged her shoulders,"We've all kinda given up on training with the men really. We're not sure why the High Lord and some of the other women keep insisting we join. The men give us chore after chore with no end in sight."
Nesta felt her anger flare up in her like a flame. She threw her apron off and walked away.
"Hey!" The girl yelled after her,"Where are you going!"
"To have a good talk with the men!" Nesta yelled back.
When she reached the camp she actively searched for Lord Devlon. She noticed him milling about with his entourage and laughing along with them. Nesta's anger ran hotter. When Nesta touched down she yelled out to him,"Lord Devlon! Hey! Lord Devlon!"
But he paid her no mind. She really wondered how hot he wanted her anger to run. She looked around in the ground and saw a large rock and threw it his way.
Lord Devlon immediately let out a deep roar and looked around searching for the perpetrator. His eyes finally landed on her and stalked towards her. "I don't think you're done with your chores,girl.' He said the word as if it was an insult,and maybe to these people it was an insult.
Nesta tilted her chin up,daring to look him straight in the eye despite the incredible height he had on her. "I came here to train,not cook for the day to feed you."
"I told you-" He started before Nesta cut him off.
"Your High Lord Rhysand sent me here to train and I will train!"
Lord Devlon's demeanor changed as an idea came to him. "You're here to train,huh? We'll I'll let you train. But you have to fight my men. If you lose you go back with the other women."
Nesta nodded. It sounded fair. Lord Devlon grinned. "Galad,get in the sparring ring with the girl."
The man,Galad,was an absolute beast,looming over her,and Nesta knew this fight wasn't going to be fair. She climbed into the sparring ring with him and they walked around sizing each other up. Nesta ran forward with her sword,ready to take the first shot. Galad must think little of her,because he was using simple moves to counteract. Nesta growled and moved to swipe his feet from underneath him. He jumped and moved behind her. She saw a flash of silver in the corner of her eye and hit the ground,spreading her wings out so they wouldn't get hurt either. She heard the swish of his sword coming dangerously close to her. She rolled onto er back and propelling herself onto her feet. She saw Galad coming back at her from her right side. Nesta turned to intercept him but he feinted,moving instead to her left side. He put all his force behind his thrust,leaving a deep cut across her cheek and making Nesta fall to the ground.
Nesta could taste the blood running into her mouth and hear the laughter of everyone watching. She got up and saw Lord Devlon giving her a wild smile.
"Thank you for the entertainment," He said mockingly,"You can join the other women now."
"No." She said.
"You just lost,our arrangement was for you to leave as soon as you lost a fight."
"I'm not leaving until I fight everyone here." She said. If she must prove her worth she'd fight every man laughing at her right now.
Lord Devlon laughed,"Then so be it. Next one up."
A different man walked into the sparring ring and Nesta prepared herself.
At the end of the day she fought twenty one men,and won against three of them and yet Lord Devlon still denied her spot in the day's training.
"If you were as good as you say," He said condescendingly at the end of the day,"You'd have beat all of them. We're just trying to make sure you don't get hurt."
She wanted to punch his face right in.
As she walked away she saw the women going back to their homes. They noticed her and whispered in each other's ears. Nesta opened her wings and took to the skies like a bullet,ready to be in comfort of the cottage if only to get away from all of them.
Nesta cursed every deity that has ever existed the second she got to the comfort of the cottage. She looked at herself in her bedroom mirror and felt ready to punch it. Her training with Cassian and the few days she spent with Azriel were always rough but nothing she learned seemed to help her in the sparring ring today. Nesta thought of Feyre and the many years she fed them and the ability she now had to hold her own against much stronger and older fae. How did she do it?
She leaned in closer to the mirror to inspect her injuries better. The cut that went across her left cheek was still bleeding and she saw what might be a forming black eye on her right eye. Despite her body's protest she slowly took her shirt off and saw all the cuts and bruises strewn all over her torso. She thought she was ready for this but her body proved otherwise.
Nesta decided to look around the house for medical supplies even though she wasn't really sure on where to start since she had never been in a position to fix injuries. After a moment of her aimlessly searching she heard a knock coming from her front door. She opened it expecting Rhysand or one of his Illyrian commanders but instead found herself face to face with one of the Illyrian woman.
The female Illyrian stood at her doorstep,a wide smile on her face,her coily hair let loose and forming a small halo around her head,and a basket of medical supplies on her hips.
"Hello," She said in a friendly tone,"My name is Ramsii. I don't think you know much about patching up injuries,so I decided to come help."
Nesta was ready to tell her to go away and never come and see her outside of their training,but remembered watching the women work while the men trained. For how long did the women want to belong but got denied? Nesta stepped aside and opened the door wider.
Ramsii moved into the kitchen and set a chair out for Nesta to sit on while she arranged her supplies. Once Nesta sat down the first thing Ramsii worked on was removing the blood from her body and face. They stayed silent while she worked on Nesta.
Ramsii's finishing touch was bandaging up the cut on her cheek. "Most of your bruises and cuts should heal by tomorrow,but this one-" Ramsii ran a gentle hand over the bandage on Nesta's cheek,"-is probably gonna scar. You took quite a beating from the men."
Nesta clenched her fists,"I thought I was ready."
Ramsii gave a sad smile,"Well us women are never really ready,the men have more and better training than us."
"When we stand before the storm we say,'I will not bend,I will not break.'" Nesta said in a hard tone,"And we train harder. One day someone will try to take everything you hold dear away from you,and you have to be stronger than them to protect it." She stared Ramsii straight in the eyes,tilting her head higher and straightening her back,"I will not bend,I will not break."
"Everyone in the camp feels uncomfortable around you because you were Made,not born,and maybe it is a good thing. If our mothers had been born with your fire we might have been flying long before Rhysand became High Lord."
"Well if your mothers had been born with Nesta's fire they might have been killed."
Ramsii gasped and immediately took a knee with her head bowed. Nesta was confused and then she saw Rhysand standing at the doorway to the kitchen. In this moment he wasn't Rhys,good friend,he was Rhysand,High Lord of the Night Court.
"What are you doing here?" Nesta asked him roughly.
"Visiting my protege," He glanced at Ramsii still on her knee. "You may leave us. Tell no one I'm here."
Ramsii nodded and quickly gathered up all the supplies she brought with her. Rhys paid the minimal attention to her and moved to sit on the chair opposite of Nesta. If she were still human Nesta's first response would've been to move farther from him,but she wasn't human anymore and though she tried to tell herself she and Rhys weren't the same her new body told her different. They didn't start speaking again until they heard the door close behind Ramsii and heard her flying away.
"How's Elain? Have you told Feyre where I'm at?" Nesta said as soon as she knew they were safe from eavesdropping.
"Elain is doing fine. She's transitioning better than some people. Feyre hasn't stopped asking me about where I sent you." And then he added in an exaggerated tone,"And it is so hard keeping things from her."
Nesta snorted,"It wasn't too hard keeping a mating bond from her."
Rhys sighed,"As much as I'd like to be here for your wonderful company verbally sparring with you isn't what I'm here for."
"Then,pray tell,what are you here for?"
"Azriel told me you're interested in participating in the upcoming Blood Rite," Rhys paused for a moment,"And that you're in need of Siphons."
"I said that,yes," Nesta said,"Although I'm not sure why I would need your Siphons,Feyre doesn't seem to need them."
"Feyre isn't Illyrian,you are,and as one of the Illyrian you'll need to use Siphons to control your powers," He said,"We're still not sure how much or what the Cauldron gave you,but you'll need to learn how to control it and properly use them."
Us,we,Illyrians. She never asked to be one of them.
"I am not an Illyrian," Nesta snarled. The glass cups sitting on the counter exploded.
"Well,darling," Rhys said in a hard tone,"Your wings say differently. The Cauldron made you one of us,and there's nothing you can do about it. You're not human anymore,Nesta,I hope you remember that and try to fit in." He got up to leave,his chair screeching against the floor,"The Blood Rites start in five months. I hope you can prepare yourself." He paused for a second as if remembering something.
"I heard what you did today. Standing up against the other warriors and novices the way you did,it was very admirable and the woman here are looking up to you. Don't let them down by distancing yourself from them,because unlike you,they believe you're one of them." Rhys looked down at her one last time,"The men here will try to convince you to not take the Blood Rite. They'll tell you you're not ready and push you down. Fight against them. When the betting comes know that my money's on you." He disappeared in a swirl of black leaving Nesta alone with her thoughts.
The next morning Nesta set out for the war-camp. If Lord Devlon once again dismissed her she'd fight the men again. She'll fight all of them,day after day,if only to prove her worth. Nesta was surprised when she saw Ramsii and the other Illyrian women waiting for her at the camp entrance.
"If you fight against them," Ramsii said,"We'll all fight them."
Lord Devlon's displeasure was even greater when he saw that Nesta showed up with all the Illyrian women in tow,
"What are they doing here?" He asked,"They should all be out doing their chores. No training before chores,remember?"
"We'll do the chores once we fight with the men," Nesta responded in her cold voice.
Lord Devlon threw his head back in a loud laugh. "After the ass whooping they gave you yesterday? Ha! Why should I let you lot embarrass yourselves like that?"
"We're all here to be trained as warriors,and we will be treated as such." Nesta looked around to the male Illyrians that had gathered around them. "We will do no more chores until we fight you. Every single one of you."
"Tall order," Lord Devlon chuckled,"Let me know when you've achieved it." He turned his back to Nesta and the Illyrian females. The dismissal made Nesta's blood run cold.
Nesta growled and unsheathed her sword,surging forward towards Lord Devlon. Some of the members of Lord Devlon's entourage noticed her movements and ran forward to stop her. Nesta lifted a hand towards them and planned on having her magic hold them in place,but her magic blew them away instead. She cursed under her breath. Maybe she did need Siphons to better control whatever magic they said she had. She jumped,ready to slam her sword right through Lord Devlon's back…
She was thrown back by his barrier when she was inches away from his body.
Nesta was thrown hard on the ground and looked up and saw him looking at her with anger written all over his face. "You dare attack me again? Even after the mess my men made of you? You're a special kind of stupid. Illyrian females weren't meant to fight our wars,they were meant to stay and keep the homes tidy for when the men came home."
Nesta got up once again yelling out a battle cry full of anger. None of the other men tried to stop her this time since Lord Devlon had his barrier ready to push her back again.
Azriel always said that the Siphons were just stones that better concentrated an Illyrians' killing power and Nesta decided that to break Lord Devlon's barrier,she'd have to try to see if she could use her sword as a stone. The sword suddenly felt hot in her hand and she smiled.
Nesta stopped abruptly,pulled her arm back,and propelled her sword forward,aiming for Lord Devlon's throat. He appeared nonchalant in his barrier,not bothering to stop the sword with his magic,after all nothing could penetrate his barrier. At least that's what he thought. Nesta's sword finally reached his barrier and instead of being pushed back as everyone expected it to,momentum and her magic brought it forward,making cracks appear on the barrier until it shattered. A wicked grin came upon Nesta's face and she ran forward,ready to pounce.
Lord Devlon realized that Nesta was aiming to kill and sidestepped her sword,but not before it made a small cut on his cheek as he moved. In his distraction he unfortunately forgot about Nesta. She slammed into him,bringing both of them down.
Lord Devlon tried to pull her off but Nesta had the upper hand and started to punch him.
Once,twice,multiple times.
She punched him for every morning Ramsii dressed for training but instead was pointed towards chores,for every time he denied an Illyrian women her spot,for every time Nesta woke up still trapped in this fae body. Cassian and Azriel always told her to control her anger in a fight,but she wasn't too good at it.
It took four men to pry her off him but once they managed to pull her away from him Nesta spit at him. "Fuck you,Lord Devlon." She yelled at him,"These women are Illyrian like you,and all they want to do is train alongside you!"
One of the Illyrian males walked forward,offering Lord Devlon a hand to help him get back up but he dismissed it. He got up on his own spitting blood on the ground. When his eyes reached Nesta's she saw a cruel fire burning in them and knew that she'd be severely punished for her major overstep,but oh was it worth it. He opened his mouth to speak but was interrupted by the sound of someone clapping. They turned to see who was clapping and saw Rhysand standing amongst them. No one had known he was here this whole time.
"Congratulations,Lord Devlon," He said mockingly,"Beaten to the ground by a mere slip of a girl."
He walked up to the men holding Nesta back and ordered them to let her go. They stole a glance to Lord Devlon. "He deserved everything she gave him,now let her go," Rhysand said when he noticed where they were looking. They quickly backed off.
"Did you send one of your Made demons here to spy on me and my camp?" He said in an indignant tone.
Rhysand gave him a cold smile,"I sent her here to train but it seems as if my little demon hasn't been getting the training she needs because she's a women. Did I not tell you to let the women train alongside the men?"
Lord Devlon stayed silent. Rhysand growled and Lord Devlon fell to the ground on his knees,gasping for air.
"Did I not tell you," Rhysand said in a cold tone. "The women will train with the men. If it takes Nesta beating you to a pulp every morning for it to happen,then so be it." Rhysand released the hold he had over Lord Devlon. The man fell forward and gave Rhysand a cold stare. There was nothing he could do though,Rhysand was High Lord and his wishes were commands. "I better not hear anything from Nesta contradicting my commands.
His wings appeared and he prepared himself to leave but not before addressing the women,"Good luck today,women."
Everyone stared at him as he left,then life went back to normal with Lord Devlon addressing the camp as to their duties for the day,including the women for the first time. Nesta was assigned to spend the day in sparring rings and she knew it was for her misstep today. Lord Devlon was hoping that the men would beat her down once again.
Nesta passed by Lord Devlon on her way to the sparring and gave him a wicked grin. "I will not bend,I will not break," She said to him as she walked by him.
You guys can imagine these characters however you want,but in my head Ramsii looks like Nathalie Emmanuels,a la Missandei.

So uh,guess who finally makes their appearance in this chapter.
As always thank you for reading and supporting.
The next time Azriel came by to see Nesta they went across every mountain in the Night Court looking for Siphons that could control and hold her power.
"The trick," Azriel said,when they set out in the morning,"Is to find a Siphon that calls to you."/
But how can you find a Siphon that calls to you when you have ignored the call of your magic for so long?
The first Siphon she tried to focus her magic through shone brightly for a minute before it exploded in her face.
"Don't get discouraged," Azriel said when he saw her disappointment,"It might take us a while to find one you can use."
"I thought I could use any Siphon," Nesta said as she moved on to the next one.
Azriel shrugged,"Someone weaker could probably use any Siphon. The magic that you were given by the Cauldron is strong and requires a more durable material. We're going to have to keep looking."
It took all morning but they finally found a Siphon to match her power. Or actually,they found five Siphons. One for each palm,one for each shoulder,and one at the base of her throat. They glowed a soft turquoise color and Nesta knew things would never be the same.
"Do you feel any different?" Azriel asked.
"Depends on what kind of different you're asking about." She said as she kept staring at her reflection.
"The Siphons help focus your magic like a paintbrush," Azriel explained to her,"It'll make everything less chaotic. It'll also help us see what you've got better. You should feel more comfortable."
I don't feel like anything is crawling underneath my skin,she wanted to say. I know what this itch was,its magic and I can control it. But she decided to keep it simple as always.
"Will you teach me?" She asked him.
He smiled his affirmation.
Nesta didn't have much friends,but she knew Azriel was one.
Although Nesta wanted to start her magic training as soon as possible,Azriel was still a commander in Rhysand's armies and the war was just starting. It would be days before he showed up and although Nesta wondered how it was all going,she was only ever worried about her sisters.
"You're a novice," He would say in response to her questions,"You aren't supposed to know."
"But I'm their sister," She would declare. Azriel would only give her the basics. They're fine,don't worry. Nesta needed more.
"Pass the Blood Rites and maybe I'll tell you," He would say with a grin. It was always his way of getting Nesta to focus on her training,but it never removed the worry from her mind.
She knew the war was hitting them harder now. Illyrian patrols would pass by their war-camp daily. None of them would speak to the novices of course,but everyone knew they were headed to the war.
The monotony of her days didn't help. She would wake early every morning and train from dawn till dusk. Occasionally she would train individually with Azriel or the other women,but her daily routine never really changed and the only way she knew of the passing of time was the weather and the training. The Blood Rites were getting closer,and she could feel in the training sessions that got harder and harder.
Out of the fifteen women who were novices in the war-camp only three other than Nesta had been cleared for the Blood Rites. There was Ramsii,Aria,and the girl Nesta first met in the kitchens,Elize. The four practiced together every afternoon they could and although they had different strengths and weakness,Nesta knew that if they stuck together during the Blood Rites their chances of surviving would increase. If they could prove that women could pass the Blood Rites,maybe other women in other camps would be given the same opportunity.
Elize's specialty was long range attacks and she would always be the one tutoring the other girls on how to shoot arrows or throw other types of weaponry. On one particular afternoon she sat on a rock and watched as the other three attempted to shoot targets on the other side of the river. While Ramsii and Aria weren't particularly gifted at it,they did much better than Nesta. Nesta always tried to use her magic to move the targets to an easier position but the women always caught the glow of her Siphons and called her out on it.
"Nesta," Elize said out loud after minutes of silence,"Do you really think we can pass the Blood Rite?"
Nesta stayed quiet as she attempted to pinpoint her target. She decided to try to use a bit of her magic to move the target a little to the left…
"No magic,remember?" Aria said in a giggle.
Nesta groaned. She let the arrow go and felt it swoosh past her ear and completely miss the target. If only she could use her magic….
"We can if we stick together," She finally answered.
"How will we know to find each other?" Ramsii asked,"There's no magic or flying allowed in the area. We could be miles away from each other and we would not know where to look."
Nesta thought it over. Having no magic or flying messed her plan up quite a bit. Azriel had told her that there was an old magic on the Blood Rite mountains placed by the High Lord. It smothered whatever magic the Illyrian novices carried and made their wings completely useless. But Nesta wondered,if she could fight against whatever enchantment a High Lord had tried to make on her mind,could she find a crack in the magic that constricted them during the Blood Rite?
"We'll find a way," Nesta murmured. "The sun is going down,I'll be heading out. See you in the morning." The women waved her goodbye and Nesta flew back to the cottage
Nesta knew something was wrong the second she noticed smoke coming out of the chimney of the cottage and all the lights on in the first floor. Azriel rarely spent the night,so it couldn't have been him. An intruder maybe,but why would they give themselves away like this?
Nesta decided to lie low and flitted around the trees. There was only one way in and out of the cottage so she couldn't surprise the intruder that way. But there were always the bedroom windows.
The door opened and the intruder walked out,the lights from inside illuminating him from behind and stretching his shadow out on the ground. Nesta clung to one of the trees,trying her best to be undetectable as she observed her intruder. He was a tall and broad shouldered Illyrian male from what Nesta could see. Azriel had a slimmer build,so it couldn't be him,but who else could it be?
"Can you stop flapping around like a bat and come inside?" The figure yelled out. "I made dinner for us!"
There was something familiar about the voice…
She flew off the tree to stand before the intruder. This male couldn't be that much of a threat since a real intruder wouldn't show their face. It took a minute for her eyes to adjust to the light when she finally recognized the figure.
"Cassian?" She said in a surprised tone.
Cassian spread his arms out and gave her a wide grin. "The one and only!"
"You called me a bat!" She said,pointing at him accusingly.
"You called me one too if my memory serves correctly,so if I'm a bat,you're a bat." He turned to go back inside. "Dinner is getting cold,get inside."
The last time Nesta saw his wings they were all torn up,the skin hanging in between the bones in tatters. Everyone worried over whether or not they would ever return to their old glory and Rhysand had Azriel search all of Pyrinthian for a cure. But seeing them now… She couldn't believe that just five months ago they were hanging in shreds. His wings now were perfectly healthy with not even a scar to show what he went through.
She watched as he placed their meal on two different trays and took his to the table,leaving hers behind on the counter for her to pick up.
"Your wings..." Nesta started but she didn't know what she really wanted to ask him since she had so many questions already. How'd you find me here,how is Elain and Feyre,what is going on?
"Perfectly fine," He said in between mouthfuls,"As it turns out,Elain is quite a gifted healer."
"Azriel never told me this!"
"And he shouldn't. No information till you're a real warrior."
"Cassian," Nesta hissed,"Why are you here? Does anyone else know?"
"As Rhy's commanders,me and Azriel are the only ones who know you're here." He answered.
"Then as his commander shouldn't you be out on the field,Mr. I Command the Important Ones?"
He pushes his empty plate aside and grins,then props his feet onto the table. "Turns out Rhys wants me to take a little break to recover. Your Blood Rite is in less than a month so I thought you might want some company."
Nesta thought about his words for a moment. It's been months since she last left Elain without even saying goodbye and left Feyre with those bitter words. She misses them and she hated being in this place alone…
"Who said I needed company?" Nesta said in a taunting tone. She walked around him and slapped the back of his head. "And get your feet off the table,you brute." She reached out for her plate of food.
He laughs but still places his feet back on the floor. "Oh,Nesta,I would have wanted a much warmer welcome."
Nesta had her plate of food in her hand when she turns around with a cocked eyebrow and repeats his words back,"A warmer welcome?"
"A much warmer welcome."
Nesta smiled a devilish grin and could already feel the tension rising in the air.
She sauntered back to Cassian and she knew her swaying hips held all his attention. She placed her plate of food in front of him,using one hand to hold onto the table,and the other to pull his head back. She runs her fingers through his bound hair,eventually removing the string that held it in place. His hazel eyes followed her every move.
Nesta traces Cassian's lips with her finger and his eyes fluttered shut,his breath stuttering. She leans down,the loose ends of her hair tickling his cheek. She could feel the sweet taste of his desire in her mouth and saw as his hands gripped the table hard…
She promptly dumped her hot plate of food on his lap.
Cassian got up from the chair with a curse and reached out for napkins to wipe his lap with. Nesta walked away laughing with her plate.
"Nesta," Cassian said in a growl,"Why did I expect something different from you?"
"Men are so dumb sometimes," She said as she refilled her plate. "I'm eating dinner by myself upstairs. Good night."
As Nesta walks to her room,leaving Cassian behind to clean the mess.
Nesta's back in the Archeron Manor running towards Elain's room,trying to get both of them out of there. She's being followed by one of the fae and its completely useless trying,but she'll do it anyway. Just so she can wake up the next morning and say that at least she tried.
The fae runs into her and slams her against the wall. She sees stars and moans in pain. There's blood running down her face from where her head hit the wall.
"You can't outrun me,human," The cold voice rasps in her ear.
She hears Elain screaming in the distance and Nesta can feel the tears running down her face…
Fire is burning in her veins.
You can't fight me,the Cauldron says,stop.
Make me human again and I'll stop,she promises the Cauldron,just make me back.
She hears cruel laughter ringing in her ears and the pain becomes too much…
Nesta wakes up screaming. The room is still dark,so she knows she probably only slept a couple of hours as usual. She clutches the sheets to her body with shaky hands. Nesta is used to having the nightmares when she's alone,but she didn't expect them to come when she knows Cassian is here.
She takes a deep breath and gets out of the bed on her unsteady legs. When she opened the door she saw that Cassian was outside waiting for her. He opened his mouth to speak but she brushed past him.
Nesta sits at the table with a cup of warm tea in her hands and watches as the sunrise colors the land in rose and gold. Cassian sits on the chair across from her,either waiting on the right time to speak or waiting on her to speak.
They stay silent for minutes,maybe an hour. Nesta relishes in it,she doesn't want him asking her about the nightmares. She watches as Cassian picks his cup of tea and sniffs it,his nose wrinkling in disgust.
Fight with me over the tea,don't ask me questions I don't want to answer.
"Azriel mentioned you had nightmares," Cassian starts.
Nesta drops her cup,tea spilling over the sides and onto the table. Her voice is cold when she speaks. "So do you three just gossip about things that don't concern you?"
"No,Nesta,it's just…" He heaves a sigh and a pained look comes across his face,"I worry about you."
She stays silent as he continues to speak. She looks at anything except for Cassian. She doesn't need his pity. The tea in her cup boils.
"We all have our demons and-Nesta!"
She gets out of her chair and practically runs for the door. She doesn't want to hear him.
He grabs her elbow and holds her back. "You can't keep this to yourself,Nesta. You can talk to me,you can talk to anyone-"
"Let me go," She interrupts him with a growl. Her turquoise Siphons glow menacingly.
Cassian opens his mouth,ready to say something else to counter her. Nesta feels fire in her fingertips. If she has to fight him she will,and she'll burn this whole cottage down while she's at it.
He must've noticed the resolve in her voice because he lets her go. Nesta runs out of the cottage and takes to the sky with a deep boom of her wings,going as far as she can from the cottage.
She needs silence,she needs to feel human.
Nesta lands in an empty field,surrounded by nothing but tall mountains and trees. She had always been told that to keep herself sane she needed to drain at least a little bit of magic a day. She wonders how it would feel to drain all her magic.
Her body turns to flames and she yells out a battle cry,lashing out at the first thing she can see.
The sun makes room for the moon and Nesta lays in the middle of a barren and smoking field. She glances at the Siphons on her hand before turning her gaze back to the starry night sky. It took her all day but her Siphons are cold and dark,her magic run out. She doesn't feel the tingle of magic running beneath her skin and she takes a deep breath. Nesta had almost forgotten what it was like to be human.
Nesta hears a distant flap of wings and tenses up before recognizing the scent as Cassian's. She feels him land beside her,and she moves her eyes from the moon to his face. After watching as Feyre worked hard to keep her and Elaine alive Nesta never thought she'd meet another person who worried over her,but here Cassian stands,looking as if he searched all of Pyrinthian for her.
"By the mess you made of this place I'm amazed you didn't attract any of the Hyberian patrols." He says in a concerned tone.
"I wish they would have," Nesta says in an empty voice.
Cassian sighs and reaches down for her,"Come on,we need to get you home."
Nesta brushes his help off with a snarl as she tries to pick herself up,"I have no home here." But right as she takes her first step she falls to her knees. The tears are threatening to spill and she closes her eyes tightly. Not in front of Cassian.
"Nesta," Cassian says in a strained voice but she ignores him,trying just one more time to make it on her own.
Nesta stands on her own,her whole body shaking with the strain. She silently curses herself,she didn't think she'd be this drained. She starts moving forward again and before she knows it the ground is coming up to meet her. She does nothing to soften the fall.
Cassian surges forward and scoops her up before she reaches the ground. He rolls his shoulders,moving her to a more comfortable position in his arms. "You went past your limit. We might be immortal and stronger than your average human but we do have our limits."
He opens his wings and takes to the skies. Nesta tightens her arms around his neck and buries her face in his chest. Smoke coats her body but it doesn't smell so bad when she takes in Cassian's earthy hewn scent in.
"I've been in this body for months now," She says in a cracked voice,"And I don't feel comfortable,Cassian. I miss the home I knew and I miss being human. If this is what eternity is going to be for me,I don't want it."
Cassian holds her tighter. "You don't mean that,Nesta."
She feels the wind running through her hair,making the tears cold on her face.
When they get home Nesta gets in a bath prepared by Cassian. After her bath Cassian tries his best to make her as comfortable as possible. He brings her meal up to her and tucks her into bed.
At one point he reaches out to run a finger over the scar that's left on her cheek. He looks at it confused. "I don't remember you having this."
The skin tingles where he touched her. "Galad gave it to me on my first day here."
"Galad,huh?" He asks and there's danger in his voice but Nesta knows that Galad is an Illyrian and not some human who can't defend themselves. Galad can take the punches. "Is he from this war-camp?" Nesta nods. "Guess I'll be paying him a nice little visit."
Nesta rolls into bed,pulling the covers high. "You do that."
She expects Cassian to leave but instead he touches her shoulder,making her turn to look at him. "Nesta,I can't promise to make you human again,or give you your home back,but I can promise to stand by your side and help you in any way I can." He tucks a piece of her hair behind her ear gently and gives her a sad smile. "And maybe when this war is over we can find your real home." He gives her a soft kiss on the forehead and gets off her bed and makes his way out of her room.
Before he leaves Nesta calls out to him and pauses,unsure of what to say. "Thank you." The words feel foreign in her mouth,but it's the only way she can convey her gratitude. "And Cassian," He pauses once more,cocking his head to the side,"Don't hurt Galad too badly."
He chuckles. "Now Nesta,I can't promise you that." He walks out of the room,the door closing behind him with a soft click.
The house is empty when she wakes up the next morning for training. She wonders if Cassian left to go back to Velaris,but secretly hopes he didn't. But where would he be otherwise?
Nesta makes her way to the war-camp and notices a crowd of people gathered around one of the sparring rings,whopping and hollering. She nudges her way to the front and realizes what all the fuss is about:Cassian is fighting Galad,the man she first fought against and the Illyrian everyone considers to be the best novice in the camp.
"Fine man,that one is." Elize says with a smile on her face. The other women nod approvingly. Nesta shakes her head in disgust.
"Galad has been in this camp since the beginning," Nesta says in an annoyed tone,"And I don't think I've ever heard you say anything good about him."
The women all laugh but it's Ramsii who answers for them,"We don't mean Galad,Nesta,we're talking about Commander Cassian."
Nesta notices Cassian look around,searching for the source of the laughter. His hazel eyes catch her gray ones and he winks at her before ducking his head to avoid a swipe from Galad's sword.
The women giggle and Nesta rolls her eyes. She's surrounded by a bunch of romantics.
"My father would love a union between the two of us," Aria says.
Nesta looks at her strangely,"But he's a bastard?"
Aria shrugs her shoulders. "So? He's a commander in Rhy's army and one of the most powerful Illyrians,why would a father not want a union?"
"He might be a bastard," Ramsii added,"But he's a well-connected bastard."
"And," Elize said,"Don't forget the impressive wingspan!"
The women continued to giggle. Nesta wanted to throttle all of them. She had no control over Cassian's life but for some reason,she didn't want him anywhere near these women.
"Hey,Nesta," Ramsii said,"You're pretty familiar with High Lord Rhysand,do you know anyone else in his Inner Circle?"
Nesta knows they're trying to get to Cassian because of course every woman wants an advantageous union. These women don't know how deeply embroiled in the Inner Circle she is. If only they knew their High Lady was her sister.
"Why should it matter?" Nesta snapped. "I've only ever talked to the High Lord a couple of times."
"Oh,don't snap at her," Elize says in a playful tone,"It's not every day that a Commander visits a war-camp."
"And gives us this perfect show!" A female novice interjected. The women resume the giggling.
Their giggles eventually turned into silence as they continued watching the match between the two men. They are both shirtless and while Cassian's chest and back are tattooed with the markings of a full Illyrian warrior,Galad's body is bare. Nesta knew that Cassian vastly outclassed Galad and was only holding himself back in the match. By keeping the match with Galad going Cassian was probably hoping to tire his opponent out. Galad's temper was rising and she could tell in every sloppy move he made.
He throws his sword to the ground and yells at Cassian,"You fucking bastard,come get me! Stop wasting time by playing around!"
Cassian casually twirls his sword in his hand,as if this was only a warm-up and not a real fight. To him this might have been only a warm-up. "I mean I'd come straight at you if you gave me a real challenge."
"I'm the best novice in this war-camp," Galad said with a smirk on his face,"You'll find no better challenge here than me."
Cassian sighs deeply,"Whatever you say,Galad." He points towards Galad's sword,"You'll need that."
"I don't. I can defeat you without it." Galad moves into a fighting stand,his hands balled up into fists. Nesta has been given enough lessons by Cassian and Azriel to know that it's a stance is sloppy. Galad's defeat is going to be swift.
Cassian shrugs and throws his sword to the ground. He stands straight,daring Galad to make a completely amateur move and rush at him. Galad took the bait. He runs to Cassian,his arm moving forward to make a direct punch to the face. Cassian catches his fist and throws a harder and faster punch at him. Galad falls to the ground in one fell swoop.
The crowd erupts in cheers and Nesta sees money exchange hands. She watches as Cassian kicks a bit of dirt onto Galad's body. He gives her a quick glance then leans down and whispers in his ear. Nesta doesn't need to be there to know what he said.
This is for Nesta.
"Now that this circus is done,time to get back to work," Lord Devlon tries to say over the crowd. "And Cassian,I'd appreciate it if you didn't manhandle my men."
Cassian stretches and a grin covers his face,"He challenged me,Lord Devlon."
Nesta snorts and follows the rest of the women as the crowd disperses. She feels a tap on her shoulder and turns to see Cassian. She can sense the women around her getting curious.
"A pretty flower for a pretty lady," He says as he presents her with a red rose.
"Get out of my face,Cassian," She says as she takes the rose from him.
He laughs and takes to the skies,the wind from his wings ruffling her hair.
"Well girls," Elize says with a smile,"Guess Cassian is off limits."
"Anyone of you can have him." Nesta says.
"I don't think he'd want any one of us." Ramsii adds with a conspirational smile on her face.
Nesta shakes her head,"You guys are just looking at things too hard."
They take to the skies and Ramsii yells over the sound of wind,"You're just ignoring the signs,Nesta."
No lie but I've been imagining Cassian as Jason Momoa lately. Maybe it's the hair?
I made a playlist for Nesta! Here's the setlist,tell me what you think.

Sorry for not updating anything in the past couple of weeks. I actually participated in National Novel Writing Month,aka NaNoWriMo in November! I had to basically write a novel,which is a minimum of 50,000 words,in thirty days so I didn't really have time for any extra writing in November. I did manage to reach the 50k so there's that!
So here I am,back and ready to finish this story.
The Blood Rites were getting closer and closer and Cassian had taken it upon himself to personally train Nesta. So when she wasn't with the other novices or doing training exercises or flying exercises,she was training in the woods with Cassian.
The first time he gave her a private lesson they were trudging their up a mountain on their way for an overnight exercise in the woods. Nesta didn't know how to fend for herself and therefore Cassian took extra steps in teaching her how to survive in the wild.
"While we're here you're not allowed to use your Siphons or any other type of magic," He explained to her as they walked.
"If I have magic," She asked as she walked behind him,"Don't you think I need to,I don't know,maybe use it?"
Cassian just laughed. "Maybe in a battlefield,but not the Blood Rites,sweetheart." And so they continued trekking up the mountain. Nesta stayed behind him and glared at his back,thinking of all the ways she could possibly hurt him without using her magic.
A few days into their new roommate status Nesta noticed that Cassian had started using darling and sweetheart towards her. At first it was to mock her.
Hit a little bit harder,sweetheart,he would tell her in between their exercises,I barely felt that hit.
She would snarl in response and try to hit him harder. It didn't always work.
And eventually she couldn't tell if he was mocking her by using the endearments.
Focus you magic through your siphons,darling,he would say as he held her hand and ran a finger over the cool turquoise stone that was placed on her palm. It didn't sound cruel so Nesta just let it be.
During their nightly practices in the mountains Cassian always took it upon himself to attack her at every moment,and especially when she wasn't expecting it.
"There's plenty of feuds between novices and their families," He explained to her night after she had complained for the hundredth time. "Killing is allowed during the Blood Rites and many of the novices will take care of their feuds during this time." He taps her nose and she scrunches it up. He just gives her a grin. "So watch your back at all times,sweetheart."
She was out in a river getting water for her pack,when she felt Cassian's presence appear next to her. His magic didn't have a friendly feel to it so Nesta immediately put up a barrier of fire. She realized her mistake when she saw Cassian's face of disappointment. It was too late to turn back though,she might as well continue to use her magic against him.
"You can't use magic during the Blood Rites,darling." He said as he placed hit after hit. Nesta kept using her barriers to keep him at bay but Cassian had fought in more wars than Nesta had years and managed to make every hit. "Use your weapons."
Cassian then opened his wings and took to the sky,using the position of the sun to blind Nesta. Nesta placed her palm on the ground and a barrier of dirt slinked over her,forming a dome over her crouched body. She knew he was going to come down and she wanted to be prepared.
She felt him slam hard against her dome,some of the dirt above her head falling. Again and again he went against her small dirt dome,more and more dirt falling on her. Nesta looked above her and saw cracks appearing on what she thought was solid and packed dirt. She was going to need to come up with another plan,and quickly. So far she had noticed that there was a five second delay between hits. Maybe Cassian was taking to the skies so that he could use his downward momentum to magnify his hits. Which meant that whatever Nesta planned to do to escape him she would have to do it in the five second time slot.
She thought about her surroundings. Water to the left and dense forest to the right. If she can fly fast enough she can make it into the forest and lose him long enough to distract him. She just had to fly and fast.
He slams against her mound of dirt once more and so she has five seconds. The barrier breaks down around her,spilling the dirt right on top of her. Nesta opens her wings and pushes against the ground. The dirt in the air moves in a whirlwind behind her. She's one step away from the edge of the forest when she sense Cassian right behind her.
Fuck. It seemed as if he knew what she was going to do before she wanted to do it. He probably stayed on the ground after that last hit.
He grabs her arm and slams her against the floor,her cheek rubbing roughly against the rocks. Nesta flaps her wings but Cassian remained unfazed and rubbed his knee on her back,pushing her deeper into the ground.
"There's an old magic on the mountains,Nesta," He tells her while he holds her down. "You can't use your wings or your Siphons and magic while the Blood Rites are in session." He released her and walked around her. Nesta takes a deep breath and rolls onto her back and her eyes follow him. "You have to use your strength and weapons because they're the only things you'll have on the mountain. You're not a human anymore and your body is a weapon,so use it."
But Nesta knew there was a way around it somehow. She fought against a High Lord's enchantment once and she will do it again. She didn't tell Cassian about her plan though,he might pass it on to Rhysand and then there would be no way for her to weasel her magic through the buffers.
Nesta woke up one morning and she knew nothing was going to be the same after today. The Blood Rites were starting tomorrow,and although she knew she was ready,she didn't feel ready. She lay in bed and watched as the sun slowly lit the room up. There was no warrior led training in the war camp today,but they didn't say anything against the novices doing their own training.
She slowly raised herself from her warm bed and winced as her body starting aching. It seemed as if they training they went through the day before was a little harder on her body than she had expected.
And so here was Nesta,putting on the Illyrian fighting leathers slowly and making sure all her weapons were in place. She felt Cassian's presence in the dining room and she decided that she would ask him for one last lesson before the big day.
This time next week Nesta Archeron will be a full-fledged Illyrian warrior and finally be allowed to face off with the King of Hybern in the battlefield.
Nesta ran down the steps and turned into the small kitchen. As usual Cassian was up and making breakfast,but instead of wearing his typical fighting leathers he was shirtless. His bare back was to her as her prepared breakfast and for a split second Nesta had the sudden urge to reach a hand out and run her hand along the tattoos that covered his back and shoulders. She caught herself mid thought and scowled. She should certainly not be thinking like that.
"Train with me today." She didn't even ask him,she demanded.
His head turned slightly and she caught his wide smile from over his shoulders. "No can do,sweetheart."
Nesta crossed her arms and leaned her weight on one foot. It seemed as if it was going to be one of those day. "I'm not sure if you've noticed,but the Blood Rites are tomorrow."
She heard the loud click of him turning off the stove and watched as he fixed himself a large plate of whatever he had made. As usual he left some on the stove for her. He took his plate to the small table,pulled the chair out,and plopped down on the seat. "I'm not sure if you've noticed," He said as he started digging in,"But Lord Devlon canceled all training for today. Even training initiated outside of the war camp."
"What am I supposed to do? The Blood Rites start tomorrow and I need to train."
Cassian looked up from his meal and cocked an eyebrow at her. "Do you doubt yourself,Nesta?"
"Of course not," Nesta said scowling.
Cassian just shrugged and continued on with his meal. "Then you don't need that extra training." Nesta opened her mouth to protest against him but Cassian spoke before she could say anything. "Tonight is the Blood Rite Celebration. Lord Devlon didn't cancel all training just because he's a prick,even though he is a large prick."
"I've never heard of the Blood Rite Celebrations." Nesta said.
"You've been a human your whole life," Cassian responded,"Of course you haven't. I can't really explain it to you well,but you'll be with the other women until tonight."
"And you?"
"With the other men,of course." He stood up,having finished his meal. He took his plate with him to the sink and washed it out. He flicked her nose and Nesta swatted his hand away. Cassian just laughed and walked his way to the door. Nesta followed behind him. He left the door open behind him and Nesta leaned against the open door and watched him roll his shoulders and spread his wings out. A chilly wind passed by and Nesta wondered if he was cold.
"Go to the women's side of the war camp," He said,facing her,"And I will see you tonight." And with a deep boom he was gone for the skies. The cool breeze from Cassian's wings ruffled her hair back.
Nesta watched as he quickly made his way across the sky and towards what she believed was the men's section of the camp. She then spread her own wings and took off towards the women's section.
When she finally came over the camp and landed she saw that all the women were as barely clothed as Cassian was.
Ramsii was the first one to greet her when she landed. Ramsii grabbed her elbow and leaned in close. "Why are you wearing your fighting leathers,Nesta?"
Nesta looked around confused. What were the celebrations of tonight going to consist of? "I… I was going to train."
Ramsii just laughed and tugged her forward towards a tent in the middle. "I guess we all forgot to tell you about the celebrations before the Blood Rites. Usually we women cooked for the men,but now there's four of us joining in the Blood Rites,so it'll be a bit different but kind of the same." They walked into the tent and Nesta saw that Elize and Aria sitting on chairs while someone rubbed white pain over every available bit of skin on the back and shoulders. "The novices taking the Blood Rites get painted to show where their warrior tattoos would be. And we are the first women to do this."
Ramsii smiled up at her and then different women came out and whisked Nesta away. What she was wearing was not appropriate,they told her. She was not going to fight she was going to celebrate tonight. And so after changing into something more revealing she was placed in a chair beside Ramsii and they painted her body with the white paint.
Although the white pain contrasted beautifully with the other Illyrians' skin tones,the white paint practically blended in with Nesta's pale skin.
"We might need something darker for her," Aria said teasingly,but Nesta ignored it. She just had to get through today and all the celebrations it entailed.
The sun started to go down and the painters started putting the final touches on their canvases. The last and final thing they put on the four novice women was a heart on the left shoulder.
Nesta pointed at it and asked the woman what it meant. Nesta had seen plenty of symbols tattooed over the men's skin but she had never seen the heart on them. The women just smiled and pressed her hand lightly on it,being careful not to smudge the not dry yet paint. "It's the symbol of the new warrior women."
Nesta felt proud.
They heard a shout outside of the tent and a woman flipped the flap over and spoke to them. They all looked towards her. "The Celebration is about to begin."
The woman who painted on her nodded and the room rustled with movement. Everyone was ready to attend the Celebration and Nesta was excited to see what would happen. The women migrated to the center of the war-camp. From the skies Nesta saw that most of the men and women were already present and small fires raged around them with one large one in the middle.
She landed as did the rest of the men and women. Screams,yells,and war cries filled the air. She watched as both the men and women danced around the fire and asked whatever gods they believed in for good luck. From somewhere Nesta heard the war drums sound and felt it in her blood. One of the women grabbed her hand and tugged her through to join the dancing. It seemed as if Nesta would be forced to participate despite her unwillingness.
The celebrations went on all night. She wondered how they were expected to pass the first day of the Blood Rites if they all showed up tired and drained,but maybe that's what the creators expected. May the strongest survive and the strongest would fight hard even with their bodies being as tired and sore as they was.
She watched as the other novices got into fights and the women urged them on. Some of the men and women sneaked out into the woods and into tents and no one asked them questions.
"This is the last night for some of these people," Cassian whispers into her ear. Nesta hasn't realized that he had appeared beside her. She turns her head to face him and sees a childish smile on his face. Her eyes run over his bare body and that's when she notices the ash and dirt smudged on his chest. He something must've put the ash on him. Or maybe someone put it on him. Nesta frowns. She feels like ripping the person apart but catches herself. Why should she care?
Nesta angles her body to see him better and be a little closer to him. It's loud and she wanted to hear him clearly. She cocked her eyebrows at him,pointing her head at the smudges covering his chest,"Someone clearly is."
He looks down confused,then notices the ash smudged on him. He looks up at her,a wide smile on his face. He steps closer to her and in a low voice whispers in her ear,"Didn't you hear that it's the end of the world,sweetheart?"
He's close enough to make her lose her balance and she reaches a hand out to grip his shoulder and keep herself upright. His skin is hot to the touch and she doesn't know if he's naturally like that or the fire warmed his body up. She watched as her hand further smudges the ash on his chest. The corner of her lip turned up and she pulled him down. She feels a shiver run through his body when her lips touch his ear and she whispers,"And then the woman will inherit the world."
They pulled back from each other. The fires made the shadows dance in his face and his eyes were brighter,more hazel. Nesta's smile widened and so did Cassian's.
She goes to bed soon after their exchange,her body too filled with nerves for what morning will bring.
Do you really think you will pass,child? The Cauldron had taken to haunting her dreams,night after night,digging seeds of doubt in her mind. She hadn't told Cassian about the change in interactions.
I can and I will,Nesta responded. The Cauldron laughed in response.
But she felt like she was being tugged and thrown around. She wanted to awake but she couldn't. What was going on outside her dreams?
Nesta was jolted awake and realized that she wasn't in her warm bed in the cabin anymore. Somehow she had been transported to the mountain in which the Blood Rites would take place. She was under the impression that they would be directed to their spots but as it turned out the overseers wanted them oblivious to what was going on.
Nesta stood up and took in her surroundings. The area she was in seemed just like the hundreds of other mountains that she had flown over and trained in,white with snow and bare of fae. Through the faint outline of the trees she could see a large mountain in the distance with several of black figures fluttering around it. The meeting point for the novices who would soon be warriors,she guessed,with the Illyrian overseers making it their center of command. She was going to have to fight her way to the top of that mountain if she wanted herself to be considered an Illyrian warrior who was ready to be sent into battle.
She looked down at herself and expected to be wearing the same clothes as last night but instead saw that she was wearing her fighting leathers. It seemed as if they hadn't just moved them during the night,but changed their dress to something more appropriate. She noticed that the cases on her body where she kept her turquoise Siphons were bare.
She tried to open up her wings and use her magic and found that it was blocked. She cursed under her breath. She had been using her magic and her ability to fly as a crutch all these months and now that she didn't have them she felt human once more. Once she craved the ability to even feel human but now that she was living it,she didn't know if she wanted it. What good was a human amongst all these Illyrians whose very own bodies doubled as weapons?
She heard a branch snap behind her and she immediately pulled a stiletto from her wrist guard and moved seamlessly into a defensive position. She turned to see Cassian standing behind her.
"Where am I?" She snarled. She felt her magic flare up but there was no manifestation of it. She was truly on her own now with only her weapons as her defense.
"The Blood Rites are about to begin,Nesta," He answered. "The High Lords of old put enchantments on these mountains and you can't use your wings or your Siphons to channel your magic." There was a flutter overhead and he looked up. "You will be guarded day and night. All killing is allowed." He looked back down and met her eyes and gave her a grin. "See you at the top of the mountain,Nesta."
He opened his wings and took to the skies. She heard a loud gong go off in the distance. The fluttering around them increased and Nesta heard war cries and yells go off across the mountain in a cacophony of sound. Her heart pounded like a drum inside her chest.
The Blood Rites have begun.
The Blood Rites aren't going to be this chapter,but next. We're finally there.
Thank you all for reading,reviewing,and liking this story.

So here's the Blood Rites! This is such a long chapter,ohmygosh. I honestly hadn't expected it to turn out this long and I was even thinking of cutting it in two,but like why not have just one long chapter amirite.
Chapter title inspired by Jay Z's and Kanye West's song of the same name.
Hope you enjoy.
After Cassian had left her Nesta tried opening and releasing her magic,but nothing came out. Her wings just stayed on her back,closed and right to her body. She silently cursed under her breath after figuring out for the hundredth time that maybe Cassian was right. She ran through the rough terrain,every now and then jumping from rock to tress limb and vice versa to see if maybe a jump off was all she needed to fly. Her efforts were in vain,it changed nothing.
Cassian had told her that her body was a weapon,but she only truly knew her weak human body. How was she to compete against the fae who had spent years sharpening their bodies like the blades they were?
Nesta stopped to catch her breath and then heard a crunch near her. She immediately stilled. She had grown so used to using her magic for everything that she didn't realize that maybe she would have to use her other senses to observe her surroundings. If Azriel and Cassian had been here they would be chastising her for being careless,but it was the Blood Rites and her ignorance could lead to her death.
Breathe in and out,Nesta told herself. She could practically hear Cassian next to her telling her to open her senses. She stayed where she was,hoping that the person pursuing her could make another mistake. She heard another soft crunch and turned her heads towards the sound. Everything was silent again and then she heard nibbling. It was a rabbit! She almost burst out in laughter but she remembered that Cassian's first piece of advice was for her to have a meal. She couldn't last a week on an empty stomach,no matter how much better a fae's body was. She grinned as she unclasped one of the stilettos she hid on her wrist. She was going to eat well.
Nesta roasted the rabbit over a small fire. As she waited for the meat to cook she thought about how useful he magic would be right now. She wouldn't have to be waiting for the rabbit to cook,it would have already been cooked. She would have also caught it faster. And maybe in a less noisy way. She reached up to her hair and pulled out a twig that had somehow gotten caught in her upbraided hair. She had chased the rabbit through the underfoot and gotten mud and snow all over her fighting leathers. But oh well,anything for a good meal.
When Nesta deemed the meat done and well-cooked she stripped a piece off the rabbit's body,and chewed. It was the plainest thing that she has eaten since getting turned but it would have to do. Once she was done with her meal she looked up at the sky to judge the time. The sun was already at its fullest which meant that it was already noon and no one had attacked her yet. She wondered if she was the only one in her area. In a way she was thankful for it but wondered if Cassian had purposely placed her in an area with few enemies. That bastard.
She wiped the back of her hand across her mouth to clear up the grease that covered it. She left the carcass of the dead rabbit as she stood and stretched. Time to move on.
Nesta ran across the terrain,avoiding areas where she heard the most commotion. This felt easy. For now.
Nesta got too careless and unobservant once more,because after what felt like an hour of running through the woods,she felt someone jump onto her back and slam her to the side. Fortunately the only thing she hit was the side of a tree,but it still knocked the breath out of her and blacked her vision out for a moment.
If Cassian and Azriel had seen this they would have been disappointed in her.
She laid on the ground and waited for her breathing and vision to go back to normal. She wasn't sure who stood in front of her,since all she could see right now was a black blob surrounded by white and brown trees. Nesta tried to stand up but her body felt too wobbly. She let her body fall back and she gave a humorless laugh. It seemed as if her carelessness had spelled the end for her.
"You have me," Nesta said. She thought back to Cassian's words on that first trek,that many of the novices take care of old feuds. Maybe someone got her to take care of whatever imaginary feud they believed they had with her. "I'm here,ready for you. Go on and eliminate an opponent."
She saw the black blob in front of her walk towards her,becoming a much bigger blob. Nesta closed her eyes and tried to inconspicuously remove a dagger from her side. She wouldn't go down without one last fight.
But the person who had caught her apparently saw what she was planning on thinking. They grabbed the dagger out of her hand. Nesta was confused for a moment. The hand that took away her dagger wasn't large like a man's…
"Geez,Nesta." Ramsii. It was Ramsii that had found Nesta and not another opponent of theirs. Nesta felt like laughing in relief. Ramsii reached down and pulled her up,one of Nesta's arms going across her shoulders. "One would think that Azriel and Cassian taught you better."
Nesta chuckled as Ramsii walked them forward. Little by little she was beginning to regain her vision. "Guess I didn't pay attention."
"Well with those bodies I wouldn't either." Ramsii chuckled at her own joke. Nesta was just glad she wasn't on her own.
They bunkered down that night in a cave they found on the edge of the mountain. They sat at the entrance of the cave and heard the screams and war cries echo across the mountain. The fluttering overhead let them know that despite how alone they thought they were,they were still being watched by more experienced Illyrian warriors.
"What do you think they're doing?" Nesta asked Ramsii.
Ramsii shrugged her shoulders. "Who really knows? Maybe picking up the dead bodies?"
Nesta nodded along to her answer. "Do you think the others are okay?"
By others she meant Elize and Aria,the other two women taking the Blood Rites. Just like Nesta they hadn't truly started their training until a few months ago. The odds were stacked against them and Nesta wondered if they could all make it out.
"They're resourceful. Who knows,maybe we'll find them tomorrow."
It seemed like a genuine answer. The sounds of the killing continued. Nesta glanced towards Ramsii and saw a fearful look come across her face. Maybe she was imagining herself making those noises frightful. She leaned over and clapped her shoulder,"All men must die,Ramsii,but we are not men." She shook Ramsii's shoulder and pointed to the makeshift bedrolls they made out of the available leaves and debris lying around on the forest floor. "I'll take first watch,you go to sleep."
Ramsii nodded and made her way to the back. Nesta followed her and once she saw Ramsii lay down and make herself comfortable she turned back to watch the world outside their small cave.
One day down,six more to go.
She was being held back and she knew where this was going. She recognized the room and the Cauldron that sat in the middle. Her worst enemy,her worst nightmare. She was physically prepared for what this dream would bring,but not mentally.
This isn't what you're used to,child,a familiar voice whispered in her ear.
Nesta was confused then she saw what she meant. From the corner of the room,right from where she was pushed in from that first time,came Ramsii,Elize,and Aria,all held back by Hyberian fae.
Her heart beat against her chest harder than before. No,no,no.
"Stop!" She yelled as she pushed against her captors,"Stop,no,don't take them!"
She struggled against the person holding her back but as she was starting to realize,she was only human and a human can't fight against a fae.
"They're fae,they're already fae! You don't want them!" The three Illyrian women were bound and gagged. It reminded Nesta too much of the night that she and Elain were stolen. She started dry heaving,her legs gave out underneath her but the person holding her kept her upright so she could watch as the women were thrown into the Cauldron one by one.
You're just human,Nesta,the Cauldron whispered to her. It was as if she was standing next to her,and actual,living breathing fae.
I need to protect them,Nesta whimpered under her breath.
A human can't protect against the fae,she was told in a cold voice,You want to be human,and you will suffer like a human.
She watched as one by one they were thrown into the Cauldron. When the Cauldron flipped over and dumped them in the ground they remained lifeless. They were already fae,there was nothing the Cauldron couldn't give to them,only give.
Nesta screamed and pushed but there was nothing she could do.
Nesta felt a push against her shoulder and on instinct she took a knife from one of her scabbards and in the same movement pushed the person against the ground. She held her knife to a scared Ramsii's throat. Nesta's breathing slowed but Ramsii's scared look turned to one of worry.
"You were screaming and…" Her voice faded. Nesta pushed off of her and to the entrance. The sunlight streamed into their cave and she tried to slow her breathing. This was the first true nightmare she's had in a while.
"Don't wake me,Ramsii." Nesta told her.
"If there's anything you need to talk about-" She started but Nesta interrupted her.
"I have nothing I need to talk about." She snapped. She had only every talked to Azriel about her fears. Azriel,with his beautiful face and scarred hands. He understood.
They stretched their bodies out and in between they yawned. Because of both the celebrations the past night and the fact that they had to take turns keeping watch,they didn't get a lot of sleep. When they were true warriors and on the battlefield maybe they wouldn't be getting much sleep either and maybe the Blood Rites were also a test to see how well they could last while still feeling tired.
As Nesta and Ramsii worked out their last stretched Nesta decided to open up her magic and once again it hit against the brick wall that was the High Lord's enchantment. Nesta glanced at Ramsii standing beside her and wondered if she could sense her attempts. She didn't look at her any different,so maybe she hadn't.
Her thoughts were interrupted by Ramsii asking her a question,"Are we searching for Aria and Elize today?"
Nesta didn't answer,instead she looked up at the Illyrian Headquarters on the mountain peak. They were in a position where the building could be seen clearly and Nesta saw as different Illyrian patrols moved in and out. She was much closer to it than she was yesterday and if they kept up with no interruptions she should easily and quickly make it. But she couldn't just leave the other women behind to fend for themselves against opponents much rougher and with many more years of training then them. Nesta turned her gaze back to Ramsii and nodded. A look of relief crossed her face and Nesta knew that Ramsii would have stayed behind for the other women regardless of what she had said. Nesta rubbed her shoulder,right above the area where the heart was painted. They were warrior women and they needed to stick together.
Nesta felt something cold and wet hit her cheek. She looked up and saw that it was snowing. She shook her shoulders to shake off any snow that was beginning to accumulate on her wings but stopped herself,her wings had become immobile since the Blood Rites had started yesterday morning.
Ramsii noticed her movement and laughed. "It feels weird,doesn't it?" She came forward and brushed the snow herself from Nesta's wings. "My mother's wings don't work and I always wondered how she ever did it. Flying around everywhere seems so much easier." She turned around so Nesta could return the favor.
"Your mother's wings don't work?" She asked as she gently tried to brush the snow off.
Ramsii hummed out an answer before she continued speaking,"Long before I was born and before Rhysand became our High Lord they used to clip the women's wings. But Rhysand stopped it all. My father is ever so grateful for that,and for the opportunity for me to become a real warrior." Nesta's hands stilled. A father who cared for this daughter. I wonder what that's like,Nesta thought bitterly. Her hand moved through Ramsii's wings once again,finishing up her task. She stopped and Ramsii turned,a smile on her face. The both turned to the edge of the cave and jumped,using the rocks below as stepping stones to get back on the ground.
They spent most of the morning making their way through the forest. Every now and then Nesta would look up and see the Headquarters looming closer and closer. She was glad to be almost there but everything felt… weird. She had spent almost a day and a half out here in the field and nothing has happened to her. When Cassian described the Blood Rites she expected to be met with an enemy every day,possibly every hour,but that wasn't the case.
They had stopped to rest and Nesta looked around. Ramsii was at the edge of a stream drinking water while Nesta stayed behind. Where was everyone?
Then they heard a scream. They both paused their movements and Ramsii turned towards her,water dribbling from her lips. They waited. Maybe it was just a bird making the noise. The scream sounded out again and the two of them burst into action.
"It came from back here!" Ramsii said,running towards an area south of their position. Nesta gave one glance to the Headquarters they were running from,and then ran forward to follow Ramsii.
They heard the growls of wolves and Nesta cursed under her breath. Cassian had told her that they starved the wildlife in the weeks leading up to the Blood Rites to give the novices an extra hurdle to overcome and it appeared that they had actually done it.
There was a long branch up ahead. Nesta jumped up and grabbed onto it,then pushed all her weight down and the wood cracked. She ran her fingers over her new weapon. The end was sharp enough to hurt if she pushed hard enough. She didn't have a weapon long enough to keep the wolves at bay but this would have to do. She heard a crack beside her and turned to see that Ramsii had done the same.
A little ways ahead Nesta saw the gray of the wolves' fur,and saw they were following someone with long braided hair. Judging by the slight figure Nesta guessed it to one of the last two members of their group. The wolves were getting closer and closer to her.
"Remember that just as this wood is our weapon,it could also hurt us." Nesta called out to Ramsii. She just nodded in understanding. Nesta gripped onto the wood a little tighter. She remembered being human and not having to worry if the firewood would hurt her. She also remembered being human and watching someone snatch her and Elain up like they were toys.
She motioned Ramsii to the right while she took the left. They'll battle the wolves from end to end until they reached the middle. On instinct Nesta outstretched a hand,hoping to brush the wolves off with her magic but as usual her attempts were quelled by the enchantment on the mountain. She saw the person the wolves were chasing trip and one of the wolves came up but she got up just before it managed to jump on her. They needed to be quick because it seemed as if she wouldn't be able to last much longer.
"Now!" Nesta yelled out and they jumped into the fray. At first the wolves didn't notice them,but once they did they split amongst the three of them. Nesta guessed that they were the biggest meal they've probably had in weeks.
She cracked her stick against the wolves that came upon her. She heard their whimpers and cries of pain. They backed off a bit and Nesta grinned. She might have actually done it. But then one of them jumped on her back and slammed her against the ground. Her stick got knocked out of her hands and she could feel that the animal had left a cut on her wings. The wolf must have noticed that her back was open and decided that while the rest of the pack kept her busy they would take their chance. Nesta had committed mistake after mistake,she was lucky she was still alive.
The wolf growled in her face and Nesta could feel the heat and putrid smell of its breath. She fisted a hand and punched its face but the wolf remained unfazed,instead putting her forearm into its mouth. Lucky for Nesta the fighting leathers were tough and her stiletto scabbard kept her forearm safe but that didn't stop the wolf from trying. Nesta tried to wrestle her arm from the wolf's grip but the animal just bit down harder,its teeth bearing down tighter on her skin. The fighting leathers and scabbard might not protect her as long as she liked.
Despite the wolf's immense weight on her body she shuffled around on the ground and reached to her back for her sword. There was the ring of metal in the air but the wolf was still focused only on her arm. Nesta maneuvered her sword between their bodies,trying her hardest to not hurt herself. She pointed the sword into the wolf's chest,and pushed.
The animal whimpered in pain and let go of her arm but Nesta kept pushing. She threw the wolf off of her and onto the ground beside her. She stood over its body and pushed even harder,through the muscle and sinew that was in the animal's body. The wolf's whimpers became louder and its legs kicked against the ground when suddenly it stopped moving. Nesta put her entire weight behind her sword and twisted,the crunch of bones sounding in the air,and made sure that the animal was truly dead.
Nesta breathed hard,white wisps of smoke forming in front of her face. She hadn't realized both how cold it was starting to become.
She looked up. The pack was gone but there were a couple of wolves laying on the ground hurt. Ramsii was standing upright,holding up Aria. Aria looked shaken but unhurt. Nesta smiled,"Hello there,friend."
Ramsii ended up inspecting Nesta's wings while Aria assured them that the other wolves were truly dead. Nesta felt a tingle running up her spine as Ramsii ran her fingers over the delicate membrane that made up her wings. These wings were truly as sensitive as they had told her.
"When the men are children their first lessons consist of taking care of their wings," Ramsii explained as she continued with her task. In the background there was the crunch of snow and the sound of steel on bone as Aria ran her sword through the wolves. "But when the women are children we're taught how to take care of the household. Despite High Lord Rhysand banning clippings the men still don't think we need our wings. But we're learning to take care of our wings,just like the men." Ramsii patted the area between Nesta's wings. She was finally done with her inspection. "So remember to give your wings priority above all else. If you don't have your wings are you even an Illyrian?"
Nesta nodded and remembered those first few days as a fae and watching as Cassian hid himself away. He might've given his wings away for his friend but he would've given his life away to not have to live without this wings. She hadn't understood his desperation back then but now after having her won wings and the freedom they give her she does. "So they're fine?"
"The wolf just gave you a scratch. Nothing you can't heal from within an hour."
Nesta stood and looked around. They were all bloody and dirty with their hair mussed. What would human Nesta have thought of the Nesta who had to battle a wolf for her life?
Aria ran her sword through the body of the last wolf and she looked up at them. "Are we just going to leave the bodies here for the other animals to find?"
Ramsii nodded yes but Nesta shook her head no. "I don't think we've eaten in a while," Nesta said,"And the meat would do us good." She was still sitting next to the wolf she had killed and she reached over to run her hands over the dead animal's coat. So soft yet it was turning cold so fast. "We could use their furs for warmth."
The women agreed and chose a different wolf to skin. In the end they walked away with a full fur each but had only brought pieces of the wolf with them. The wolves were still bleeding out and they didn't want to leave any signs to their whereabouts. They once again found another small cave in the mountain and decided to hunker down inside. They made a small fire and cooked the meat over it as well as let the furs dry out alongside it. The screams and fluttering continued on outside their safe space. Nesta looked out northward and saw the dark outline of the Headquarters. Almost there,she told herself.
Nesta walked away from the mouth of the cave and sat down with the women to enjoy their meal.
"Have you guys seen any of the men?" Aria asked.
They shook their heads no and Ramsii answered for them in between chews. "We're closing out day two and you're the only other person we've seen."
A thoughtful look came on Aria's face. "That's weird. I've already gone against two of the men."
"I see you didn't have any problems with them," Nesta observed. The only marks and dirt that Aria had on her body came from their battle with the wolves.
Aria laughed. "They were the weakest men in the camp,of course I would have no problems with them." Aria dragged her finger along the stone floor. "I only knocked them out though I didn't… kill them."
"They're preparing us for war,Aria," Nesta said after a moment of silence,"Killing is kind of what we have to do."
Aria heaved a heavy sigh. "I know but it's just that… maybe they deserve another chance?"
They never gave me or Elain a chance to fight,she wanted to say but then she would have to explain how she became fae,and she didn't know if she was ever going to be ready to explain that. Nesta just stood up,ready to take over first watch of the night.
"I'll take first watch," She explained to them. "Aria,you'll be second,and Ramsii you'll be last." They each nodded,understanding their duties for the night. "Tomorrow is day three,remember to be ready for what may come."
Since they had an extra person that night they each got a bit more sleep than the night before. Nesta wasn't plagued with her usual nightmares so she didn't have to explain anything to Aria. When they walked out of the cave in the morning they decided to wear the furs that they had caught the day before. Their fighting leathers were black,the complete opposite of the white that surrounded them,making it much easier for their opponents to spot them. If they wore the wolves much lighter fur they might be able to blend in better and avoid confrontation.
And so they hiked northward with the Headquarters in their sights. They met small groups of other Illyrians that day,but it wasn't anything they couldn't take of together. But Nesta realized what Elize meant about wanting to keep the other Illyrians alive. She couldn't find it in herself to kill a man whose only goal was to be a warrior because that was her goal too.
"Do you think Elize is okay?" Aria asked as night started to fall.
"No news is good news," Ramsii answered.
Ramsii and Nesta looked around for a cave to spend the night while Aria kept watch over them. In a fight to the death they couldn't be too careful. In the end they couldn't find anything and so they decided to sleep in the shade of a tree for the night. Since they were out in the open this night they decided that no fire which meant no food or warmth. As Illyrians Aria and Ramsii were used to going without. As someone who had gone years without Nesta was used to it. The only good thing was that they still had their furs to keep them warm through the night. They curled up together as one of them took the watch and Nesta was reminded of the many nights she and her sisters had to do the same thing to stay alive. Maybe she was more prepared for the Blood Rites than she had originally thought.
As Aria and Ramsii slept beside her Nesta leaned back against the tree. She listened to the fluttering of the overseers overhead,the sounds of the distant battles,and the sound of the forest itself. Nesta closed her eyes to concentrate and tried once more to send a piece of her magic out. As usual nothing happened and she was only met with the wall. She glanced at the women sleeping beside her. She wondered if they too tried to use their magic or had resigned themselves on that first day that they were alone with only their bodies to use.
A cool wind blew by and snow started to fall. Nesta pulled the fur up to her chin and snuggled in closer to the women to stay warm. It would be day four soon and which meant one day closer to the end. She looked up to the Headquarters that sat on top of the mountain,the goal that she wanted to reach. The only thing standing between her and the King of Hybern. She was almost there.
They found Elize on the fourth day. She was fighting against two of the boys and although she seemed to be holding her own against them she couldn't do it alone. Aria stayed in the back giving aid to Elize while Nesta and Ramsii took care of their attackers. It was a quick battle since the men were already drained by now. Nesta slammed one of their heads against a rock,knocking him out and turned to see that Ramsii had also knocked out her opponent. They sheathed their weapons and walked towards the two other women.
"I see you've been holding up well enough,Elize," Ramsii said with a smile. She hugged Elize tightly.
"Aren't we supposed to kill them?" Elize asked them instead of greeting them.
The others looked at each other before Aria answered for them. "It's not specifically written in the rules that they must be killed."
"So you're just leaving their bodies out here?"
"Basically." Ramsii said with a shrug. "Let the hungry animals here take care of them."
Elize ran her fingers over the fur that Aria wore. "And where did you find the fur for this?" She looked at all of them. At this point they had spent four days out in the wild having to fend for themselves and provide their own shelter,food,and protection. They all looked dirty,bloody,and rough. Elize sighed.
Aria laughed and pulled her along as they walked away from the area. "Oh,do we have a story for you."
Nesta walked ahead and everyone else walked behind her. She looked up to catch a glimpse of the building that was looming closer and closer. She told herself the same thing she had been telling herself since the first step she took towards the building,almost there.
Nesta was in dark room. She looked around. It was large and dark but… it wasn't the room that held the Cauldron and so many bad memories. Had the nightmares finally subsided?
She saw a flash a white from the corner of her eye and she turned her body to follow it but it was too late. She was in the dark following a wisp of a shadow.
Nesta,be careful today, she heard the familiar voice whisper in her ear.
"What do you care?" Nesta growled,but she was so confused and scared. The Cauldron tormented her when she spoke to her but right now she was giving her a warning.
She felt her body slowly coming awake and right before she slid back into consciousness the Cauldron gave her one last warning, you can break the wall,break it.
What did it all mean?
She slid awake and saw as Ramsii and Elize conferred amongst each other. Aria was still asleep beside her. Elize had taken the last watch,so Ramsii must have waken earlier than Nesta. As Nesta stood the two women who were awake gave her a worried look and Nesta felt a tightness in her chest. Maybe the Cauldron was right. It was day six and the day when everything would finally go to shit
They woke up Aria promptly and started to give a move on. As it had turned out that someone had been following them for the past twelve hours. Nesta was mad at herself for having only focused on the end game and not the journey. So far they had gotten lucky and not gotten into altercations with much stronger males but it might change today.
"How did you figure this out?" Nesta asked them as they ran hurriedly. She hoped they still weren't following them but that was empty wish.
"I saw their tracks when I took over watch," Ramsii said. Ramsii was second watch,straight after Nesta. Mistake,after mistake. Stupid so stupid. "And I waited until morning to check over the tracks again and… they're not animal tracks,they're definitely male and they've been following us for a while from what it seems like."
She remembered her dream from last night. What was the Cauldron doing getting into her dreams? She looked down at the hand she had fisted. Had I taken the Cauldron with me when I came out?
She looked up at the Headquarters with all the Illyrians flitting around it. Almost there.
The forest was beginning to fill with whoops of laughter and war cries. Nesta's heart fell and the women around her wore scared faces. The men had caught up and Nesta wondered if they had fallen into their faces.
"Stick together," Nesta said in a determined voice. They moved together,back to back. They all unsheathed their swords,the sound of metal ringing in the air. From the woods around them appeared a group of three males led by Galad. Nesta growled. There weren't many people here who had a bone to pick with her,but he sure did.
"Well,well,well," Galad said in his gruff voice,"What do we have here?"
"The losers of the war-camp it seems," responded one of the males. They all laughed.
"Why have you been leaving the men's bodies behind you,Nesta?" Galad asked her,"Are you scared of a little blood?"
The grip she held on her sword tightened. "I am scared of nothing,Galad."
He gave her a devilish grin. For the first time in days Nesta was truly worried. "Oh,I guess then I'll have to strike some fear into you."
He gave a deep roar and the men ran forward. It was four against three,but because they were women who had less training the odds were stacked against them. The first thing the men did was pull them apart. Galad was squaring off with Nesta while the three women took on the other two men. They slashed at each other but he dodged every one of her hits just as she dodged his. She's had enough training from Azriel and Cassian to be an even match to Galad's brute force.
She pushed him away and she crouched down as he picked himself up. From the corner of her eye she saw one of the men pick up a large trunk from the ground and Aria who was desperately trying to pick herself back up. Ramsii and Elize were already taking one man so Aria was left by herself. Nesta saw as the man swung the trunk high,and slammed it on the side of Aria's face.
A scream ripped through the forest and Nesta's heart fell. No,no,no.
All three women ran forward but Nesta had unfortunately turned her back to Galad,a huge mistake on her part. He gripped her shoulder and brought her to him while the two other women ran to Aria's side.
Galad had his forearm across her chest and a dagger at her throat. There wasn't much Nesta could do other than let Galad's will be done,but that wasn't something she was actually going to do.
In front of her stood Ramsii and Elize,both of them holding Aria up. Aria was too hurt to be able to finish this in one piece and Nesta doubted that Ramsii and Elize would be able to take care of both Aria and their enemies.
Nesta made a motion with her head,"Walk away."
They looked at her with shocked looks. It was Ramsii who spoke up for them,"We can't leave you here with them,Nesta!"
Nesta was being held down by Galad while two of his cronies stood beside them. The three women in front of her didn't have the training given to them by commanders of Rhysand's armies,they trained with the other men and so some of their training was stunted. Add to the equation a hurt Aria and they really wouldn't be able to go up against the three Illyrian males.
As she has been doing almost every hour for the past six days,Nesta let her magic loose. Usually it would feel like her magic was being blocked by a brick wall,but Nesta has been throwing her magic at the brick wall for so long that it had slowly been turning into a glass wall,and the glass was getting cracks on it.
Nesta gave the women a wicked grin. The men had their backs to her and didn't notice her change of expression,but the women did. They gave a quick glance amongst each other and then turned back to the men.
"Fine," Ramsii called out to them,"Go on and keep Nesta. We'll leave."
Nesta felt Galad's rumbling chest at her back. "Good decision,girls. Now go on,run along. We'll see you at the top." But judging from the looks of Galad's cronies Nesta knew that it was all a farce. Galad and the men would let the women have a head start,but they'll go back to the hunt.
The women gave Nesta and the men one last look and then turned around. Once they were out of earshot the men turned towards her.
"Now,we can have some fun." One of the men said. Nesta snarled and bared her teeth at him.
Galad laughed,"Look boys,it looks like we have a feisty one."
"Oh,they're always the best." The other man said. They took a step towards her while Galad held onto her tighter and dug the dagger a little bit harder onto her skin.
Breathe in and out,she heard Cassian's voice practically whisper into her ear,don't let your fear and anger get the best of you.
Her magic usually went out of control when she went into one of the two extremes. Sorry,Cassian,but I'll need my anger for this one. She might tear this whole area down,but it was a risk she was willing to take.
Nesta growled at the men coming towards her. She kicked her feet up and used her feet to hit each of the men coming towards her. The force of her kick sent the men to the floor,and Galad tumbling backwards. Galad was beginning to lose both his footing and grip. Good.
Nesta quickly moved her body downwards so her feet could once again touch the ground,and because Galad was unstable it was easy to throw him off of her. She was in the middle of the three men. They were all on the floor but they were quickly brushing themselves off and standing. Galad had the gall to laugh.
"Good try at escaping,darling," When Cassian called her that he was typically mocking her,but coming out of Galad's mouth it sounded wrong. Galad stretched his arms out to signify the men around her,"But as you can see you're outnumbered. You're not coming out,it was all in vain. Although you did buy your girls a little time."
They laughed. Nesta stretched her fingers out. She could feel a crackle between them and she smiled. She took one deep breath in,and one hard breath out.
You can break the wall,break it.
She pushed an intense heat out of her body. The snow surrounding them melted and the men crouched down and covered their bodies as best they could. She saw as a shocked look come on the men's faces.
"You can't do that!"
Nesta's lips quirked up. "Says who?"
Her control over her magic was unstable without the Siphons for her to flow the magic through,but she will do the best with what she's got. The water from the melted ice seeped from out of the ground and hovered over them. A gust of wind blew through the area with Nesta being the eye of the storm.
Cassian waits in the large building on top of the mountain,the building that marks the Blood Rites' finish line,the Illyrian Headquarters. It was day six and the finalists were starting to pour in. He stood at the entrance to the building and watched as the novices walked in,bloody and hurt but happy. They were not novices anymore,they were true warriors and they had proved it in the Blood Rites. But as Cassian's eyes glanced over them he was searching for a small,pale women. She hadn't appeared yet but she would eventually,he was sure of it.
He looked to the trees covering the mountain and terrain and he wondered where Nesta was at right now. He knew where her starting position was and therefore he had a vague idea of where she was,but he wanted to know where she truly was positioned.
He was still looking over the region when he suddenly saw a burst of fire and wind cover one small area. He watched as the snow dispersed from the area and some of the trees fell,the large boom of it resonating across the mountain. Cassian opened his wings,ready to move and defend in case it was an enemy attack but he saw one of the Blood Rites' overseers hover over the area,swoop down once then twice,and then come back up,hurtling towards the Illyrians' Headquarters.
He landed next to Cassian but the warrior paid him no mind and brushed past him. Cassian reached a hand out and grabbed onto the overseer's elbow before he could go too far.
"What happened down there?" He asked him.
The man he grabbed looked up at him,opened his mouth to speak,but hesitated. "I need to speak to the war camp Lords," was all he said.
Cassian growled. He hated this bureaucratic mess that was the Blood Rites. "I am Commander of the Illyrian forces,and you will answer me." He said in a hard voice,"Now,what happened down there?"
The overseer hesitated once more,but then answered,"One of the novices fought against the High Lord's enchantment. They used their magic on the field."
Cassian dropped the man's elbow in shock. Somebody actually breaking free of the enchantment? Impossible! Unless…
"Who was the Illyrian who used their magic?"
The warrior in front of him opened his mouth but it wasn't him who answered Cassian.
"It was Nesta." Cassian whirled behind him and saw as Rhysand appeared beside him. He gave a small nod to Cassian before he turned towards the messenger who was now bowing before the High Lord of the Night Court. "Go to the war-camp Lords,they'll want to know this and try to piece a hearing together as quickly as possible." The messenger nodded as he stood. He then ran into the building,ready to seek out the six main war-camp Lords to tell them the news.
"Where did you come from?" Cassian asked him,"I wasn't expecting you to show up here."
"I wasn't planning on being here," Rhysand answered,"But Nesta's breach made the mountain call to me. The mountain thinks it's an attack."
Cassian nodded. "And Feyre?"
"As the High Lady the mountain called out to her too." Rhysand chuckled,"You would think that with their being two of us,the spell would be harder to break but here we are. Feyre has some… business to take care of,but she'll be here soon."
Six months into the war and it seemed as if Lucien still had to cover her tracks. "When will Feyre be back home?"
A shadow of a smile graced Rhysand's face. "Soon." He clapped a hand across Cassian's shoulder,"But come,we have a hearing to attend to."
They walked side by side down the hallway when they heard a familiar voice call out for them. They stopped and a wide smile covered Rhysand's face. They both turned,grinning. Feyre was at the entrance to the headquarters. She had a worried look on her face.
"What's going on,Rhys? Why was I pulled here?" She looked around where they were at and Cassian remembered that this was also the first Blood Rites with Feyre as the High Lady. She has probably never been here before. She was dressed in her fighting leathers,it was possible that she had expected another attack on Velaris but instead ended up here,on an unfamiliar mountain deep in the Illyrian Steppes.
Rhysand walked towards her and pulled her into an embrace. Feyre's arms encircled him. He pulled back and tucked a bit of her loose hair back. "Feyre,love," he purred,he pressed a kiss to her forehead and stepped back and pulled her forward,"Remember what I told you about the Blood Rites?" She nodded and Rhysand continued. "Well one of the novices broke the enchantment against magic and the Lords of the war-camps are calling for a hearing."
A crease appeared between her eyebrows. "I thought they weren't allowed to use magic here?"
"They aren't," Cassian answered her question. They walked together down the hallway and then into a room that led to a staircase. The hearing room that the war-camp lords will be using was underground. "But someone did it."
Their steps echoed in the empty staircase. "Then who broke against it?"
Rhysand chuckled softly,"Oh,I can't wait until you see the perpetrator,love."
Feyre looked between the both of them,they were hiding something she knew. "Do I know this person?"
Rhysand and Cassian shared a look but it was Cassian who answered for the both of them,"I'm afraid I can't tell you,Feyre. You'll just have to wait and see."
Soon after defeating the men Nesta ran to join the other women. As she stood in the middle of the storm that she had created she heard their cries of pain. Once she was done she saw their mangled bodies strewn in the area. If she was a better person she would have stayed behind and checked on them,but she wasn't and she left them there. Let the overseers worry over their wellbeing.
She caught up to women and Ramsii gave her a worried look.
"What happened back there?" She asked but Nesta just shook her head. She walked forward and took Elize's place in holding Aria up. Elize let her and stood back.
"Scout up ahead,Elize," Nesta told her. "We should be able to reach the Headquarters by tonight but I don't want to have any more trouble on the way." Elize nodded and ran forward.
"Nesta," Ramsii said worriedly.
Nesta once again shook her head and said in a hard voice,"I'm not answering anything,Ramsii. What's done is done,we go forward."
Ramsii opened her mouth as if she was going to argue her point once more but stopped. Nesta looked up at the Headquarters and grinned. They were near the shadow of the building and she was almost a warrior.
They trudged up the steps leading to the Headquarters. After this point no one would attack them and they were finally done. They reached the entrance and almost immediately one warrior came forward and took Aria from them.
"She needs to go to a healer," The man who took them from her said,"And quick. The rest of you go down there to receive your tattoos." He brushed past them and to a different area than the one he pointed out to them.
The women followed the man's instructions to the place he pointed out to them. They were tired but excited. They made it,they were the first Illyrian female warriors.
At the entrance of the room they were supposed to enter there stood a warrior who guarded the entrance. They stood before him and he pointed at Nesta.
"You stay here. You two-" He pointed at Elize and Ramsii "-are allowed to enter."
He opened the door but instead of entering without any questions asked the two women stayed back.
"She's here just like the rest of us,she should be allowed in. she passed the Blood Rites." Ramsii told the man.
The man just gave her a hard stare. "The war-camp Lords said that Nesta was not allowed to enter. Are you thinking of defying the Lords' wishes?"
The look on Ramsii and Elize's said that they would defy the wishes of the Lords,but Nesta stepped into the conversation. "Don't worry,you two go in. I'll stay and see what the Lords want." They gave her a worried look but Nesta just brushed it off. "Go in,get your tattoos. I'll meet up with you later." The women nodded and walked into the room. The man who guarded it closed the door right behind them.
Nesta stared him down,"So,what happens now?"
"Now you join me." Nesta whirled and saw Azriel was standing behind her,a smile on his face. "Good job passing the Blood Rites,I knew you could do it."
"What are you doing here?" She asked him. She had rarely seen him since Cassian had taken up her training. He walked towards her and lightly gripped her elbow,leading her away from there and through a door that led to a staircase and down they went.
"Rhysand called me." He said once they started walking downwards. His voice echoed in the empty area.
"Rhysand's here?" She was confused. Shouldn't the High Lord be at the frontline somewhere? "What are all of you doing here?"
"Because of what you did during the Blood Rites today the war-camp Lords have called for a hearing and as High Lord Rhysand is to mediate the whole thing." Down,down they went. Nesta wondered how far they would go. "But also as High Lord his word is also the last no matter what the war-camp Lords say."
They finally reached the bottom of the staircase. As they stepped onto the floor Nesta saw that they were in one long dark hallway that led to a single door at the end. Azriel walked down the hall towards the door and Nesta followed him.
"This door leads to the hearing room," He explained to her. "They're rarely used except in some serious cases." He grinned down at her. "Like breaking the enchantments and using magic during the Blood Rites."
Nesta growled and Azriel just chuckled. "Good job on that one too. Didn't think there was anyone who could break an enchantment that Rhysand himself fortified." They stopped. They finally reached the door. The smile disappeared from Azriel's face and it was completely serious. "Are you ready for what comes now,Nesta?"
She nodded and Azriel opened the door.
I managed to quote Game of Thrones again! I thought it was appropriate since my fancast of Ramsii is Missandei.
As always please let me know what you think and thanks for following this story.
