Feysand ficlet
My first attempt at a fic in years. Please forgive all the errors,I typed this in the car! I am Feysand trash and I don't care who knows it!
…
It had been weeks since I had seen my mate. Dozens of long days away from the one I love in the name of the greater good. To atone for the foolish mistake I had made with the book and Cauldron,to save us all.
Although the bond between us was still present and strong,the physical space between us ached in my heart. The longing I felt for him echoed along our bond. My High Lord did his best to encourage me each day,but I longed to feel him. I needed to feel his touch on my skin.
The best and worst time each day was deep into the night while I lay next to my former love,Tamlin. It was difficult to stomach his touches and whispers of love. Each night my bed was filled with his passionate attempts to regain my full affection. However,long after his touches were gone,long after the caresses had ended and Tamlin drifted into a soundless sleep,I came alive.
Across our bond,my true High Lord would come with a sensual caress against my shield. His low voice rumbling against my mind,speaking words of love and the pain of separation. In turn,I swear love and devotion to him,and only him alone. I am made whole and renewed for the next day of lies and deception. Our nightly assignation is what I live for. The only thing that keeps me going.
Tonight I had a brief reprieve from the passion of the man beside me. Tamlin had for once taken me at my word that I was too drained. He too felt weary because of an unexpected visitor who came to dinner. The Lord of the Summer court came with news of an army moving across the sea and of a weapon that boasted devastating power.
I retired to bed,hopeful this news would keep Tamlin and Lucien up late into the night forming a plan. It didn't take long for the bond to spark with the first light touch from my love. I felt the hum of his deep voice as he purred my name,"Fey-re."
I smiled and warmed at the tender brush on my mental wall. Then,I heard heard what I had been desperately waiting for,dreaming of for weeks.
"Come home." He said simply.
I paused,not daring to breathe. My heart thrumming in my chest.
Finally,"Now,my darling. Come home now."
Wisps of darkness lingered as I winnowed away.
