A/N:This is my first go at writing in a while,but I didn't love where the other stories I'd found were going,so I decided to create one of my own to tide me over until May 2nd! I don't own these books or characters,but I love them like crazy! I love feedback,and if you see anything that's not in line with the books,definitely let me know!
Chapter 1
Rhys
One week. It had been one week since my mate,my wife,my High Lady,had been in my arms. My nights were filled with nightmares once more,only they now featured that bastard,Tamlin,and the host of horrors he could inflict on my mate if he so desired. The early morning hours of the day found me staring at the front door in a daze,as if still awaiting her return. The passing hours seemed to both stretch and shrink by until a figure appeared on the other side of the door. My fleeting hope was shattered when I heard Mor call out to me as she opened the door.
"Rhys?"
"No word yet," I answered the question I knew would follow. The silence from my beloved Feyre had made the past seven days all the more difficult. Of course we will had our mating bond,and it was only that connection,that assurance of her well-being,that allowed me to remain in Velaris instead of winnowing directly into that opulently disgusting manor and whisking her away to our mountain retreat.
Mor sighed. "How long do we wait? How long do I let my High Lady go unprotected in enemy territory?"
I knew she wasn't asking out of anything but sincere worry for Feyre,as well as for myself.
"We wait until Feyre gives word...or until I feel,through our bond,that she is in danger," I reminded us both.
"What do we expect her to glean from those chauvinistic bastards? Do you really think Tamlin will allow her the privilege,the respect,of being privy to their plans? He locked her in the house after everything that happened. I sincerely doubt he's had that much of a change of heart," Mor ranted.
Taking a deep breath,I again reminded us both,"We don't trust that prick one bit. We do trust Feyre. She took the same oaths I once took to protect and serve this city,this court. She knows how important that is,and she will do whatever it takes to make sure we are all safe."
Mor gave me a look that said the same thing I was already thinking...just what would Feyre do,what would it take,for her to make that happen?
End Note:There won't be any set update schedule because real life is already crazy enough as it is. I hope to finish this story,wherever it ends up going,before book 3 comes out in May! But,if I don't,I will not continue it once we really know what's happening.:)
