A short alternate uiverse drabble
Disclaimer:I own none of these characters,all credit goes to the wonderful SJM
Feyre was angry well maybe angry was not enough to actually describe the fury of emotions that currently flooded through her veins.She had waited for him her so called "so excited to take you out on a date" date but after 2 hours,yes two fucking hours he was a no show and whilst she got into the uber too annoyed to even get herself some dinner,she decided to tell him off.So here she was,after making the uber turn around to the place he told her he lived in as he got off when they shared an uber after work 2 weeks back,making her way up the stairs.Yeah it seemed tacky,going to yell or barge in to the guy who stood you up but Feyre was never the type to silently take it in,oh no… While everyone would fake their way through awkward conversations or pretend stuff didn't happen,Feyre was the type to say it out loud. &right now Mr Tamlin had it coming.He told her his apartment was the third floor apartment number 6 and as she made her way over,she silently apologised to his neighbours for the noise she was about to make.No-one stood Feyre up !Absolute no-one!She knocked,more like hammered her knuckles against the door. " You better have a damn good reason for standing me up Tamlin! What did you lose your fucking phone somewhere along the way." she yelled out?" Open the door or so help me! " She was about to knock again when the door opened leaving her outstretched curled fist hanging in mid-air.In the place of the door however stood a guy who was definitely not Tamlin. He looked like he just woke up unless he managed to always let his hair look "I just woke up" worthy and piercing violet eyes with a very annoyed scowl.Oh yeah what was she supposed to say."Well you're not Tamlin,where is he?"" No I'm not Tamlin because I don't know any Tamlin. This is my apartment!"" well unless I forget which I never actually do since I have good memory,this the third floor apartment number 6 where Tamlin lives."" well this is apartment number 6 on the third floor but I own it and have done for the past 1 year and my name is certainly not Tamlin but guess he got away considering you show up yelling like a crazy woman!"Crazy woman! Well in all honesty she did seem like one right now."well" Feyre breathed out,suddenly exhausted and slightly humiliated at this " I just got stood up by a guy who says he lives here and after waiting 2 hours and still not eating,forgive me if I look a little crazy Mr not the douchebag Tamlin" she rambled out.Mr real owner of the apartment gave her a once over before his facial expression to that of sympathy and she really was not here for anyone's sympathy or pity. Oh well might as well get moving.She started opening her mouth to speak before he gave her his pity "listen I'm really sorry for barging on our door and disturbing you. You won't see me again sorry"She turned to leave and was at the elevator because really three stairs no way before she heard a voice yelling out "well If it counts I would never stand you up." she smiled maybe blushed with her whole body showcasing red before he closed his door and the elevator arrived.
