This happens right after the second book
Tamlin gripped onto her more tightly and she almost gagged. Tamlin looked down concerned,obviously feeling her silent flinch.
"I'm sorry,I'm just really tired. I think- I think breaking out of his control has exhausted me." It wasn't a lie. She had to be really careful to ensure he couldn't smell anything wrong with her scent. She had to make sure he couldn't smell her lying,make sure he couldn't smell the bond still strong between her and Rhys. She let some of the exhaustion take hold,swaying a little in the grip that he had on her. She knew she was playing on his thoughts. She knew she was playing the weak little human he still believed her to be. Little did he know. She felt her power thrumming beneath her skin,begging to break loose,to show him just how strong she really was.
His eyes saddened and she reached into his mind,going through his barely there walls the same way she did the Tarquin. I am Spring,I am the flowers and the streams running. 
She smirked on the inside,at how easy it was,keeping her face faintly tired.
What she went through… I'm never letting him get to her again. 
Like hell you won't,she growled,still keeping her face blank,blinking her wide,tired,puppy eyes at him slowly. She started placing her thoughts in his. She felt like it was violating when she did it to Tarquin but with Tamlin she felt nothing. Just like what he felt when he locked her in the house. He tighten his grip and they step into the house- not home- the house. The first thing she noticed was that there were less servants scurrying around. When she glanced at the kitchens through the dining area she saw nearly no one,which was odd since it was nearly dinner and they should cooking in there.
Tamlin walked her to her old bedroom and sat her down on the bed. She felt a longing touch in the mating bond against her wall and sent one back trying to be careful while being so close to Tamlin. But in the close proximity she felt Tamlin sniff. Her mind went blank and she froze up. They were caught. But she remembered her training,remembered what she was taught.
"Before I go to sleep I'll have a bath." She told Tamlin. "I- I still smell like him." She was careful not to say his name,to not bring any more attention to the bond,of which she buried down. Her heartbeat stilled,waiting for his response. She was waiting,waiting…
He smiled down at her,"Of course,I'll get one of the servants to run a bath." She smiled up at her,feeling vile. That smile was for Rhys. That smile was for her family. This was her sacrifice for them.
With one lingering hand on her cheek he walked out the door just as two servants walked in. None of which were ones she'd ever seen before. They bowed down to her in a crude way,almost mockingly. And went to the bathroom to start running the bath. She stripped herself of her leathers,breathing in the scent of Rhys once more before folding it carefully and hiding it at the bottom of the cupboard. The two servants had long gone left by the time she entered the bathroom. She dipped in her foot in,praying for a nice hot bath to relax in and flinched violently.
The water was ice cold. Using her powers she warmed up the bath to the point where it was steaming. She sat in it for hours,missing dinner,creating water animals and releasing the pent up power coursing in her blood.
She eventually got out,almost gagging at unfamiliar clothes when she tried to find something to wear. The nightgowns were too fine and flimsy. She tried finding any other clothes that would suit but in the end decided to sleep naked,rather than wear his clothes.
As soon as it was late enough that no one was listening,as soon she was sure everyone was asleep,she let herself go. She let herself cry,feeling so helpless. She had lost her mate,had lost her sisters,her family. She had failed.
That night she had nightmares.

She was back Under the Mountain. Fae blood seeped down her arms and she somehow knew it was from the two innocent Faes she had murdered. Their blood kept seeping down her arms and onto her lap and she looked up in surprise to see how a wound could bleed so much. But it wasn't the Fae female's eyes she looked up into- 
It was Rhys.
She had killed him
Ferye sat up gasping for air. She ran to the bathroom as soon as she felt the bile rising. After vomiting for a considerable amount of time she waited to see if anyone would show up. If anyone cared. But as usual she was left alone,let every other night this had happened.
Ferye had successfully infiltrated and played her part of being in the Spring Court for three weeks. Three long tiring weeks.
The first week was the worst. Nightmares frequented her sleep every night. Tam would not leave her alone. Every minute of the day he'd be by her side. And he had somehow tighten his security despite promising he wouldn't.
She went day to day,revealing nothing of her time spent,slowly gaining Tamlin's trust. This did include putting many thoughts into his mind.
She had two guard trailing her every time she left the house. As part of her 'recovery' from the Nightmare Court she plays 'games' with them. At least that's what she tells Tamlin every time he come rushing out to find her after she's slipped from her guard's grasp. It's never hard,not only because she's been training but because Tamlin had hired a whole new staff from the King that all hate her. She knew that if she were to be attacked her guards would simply look the other way. It wasn't just the guards that were trying to get her killed. The kitchen staff served her raw chicken,salt water and poisonous wine. Her servants kept filling her bath with freezing water and one day she woke up to no clothes at all. She was literally dying in the house. Already in three weeks her skin had turned paler and the curves she had happily discovered on her body had faded once again into bones. She had nightmares every night and constantly woke up to vomit.
But she was doing this for her family. Every day at night,when everyone was asleep,she'd feed information through the bond and in return she'd get fed information. Of how Cassian's wings were slowly,ever so slowly being healed and how Mor had taken her sisters to the cabin that she had once spent a week at. It seemed like a good choice. Isolated and ever stocked with everything they'd ever need to adjust to their immortal bodies. And they were surrounded by her. By her paintings. Mor said she hoped it would bring some comfort to them. Sometimes Rhys would visit her sisters just to send her visual memories of how they were adjusting. She lived for those moments. Lived for her talks to Rhys. But every morning she had to make sure to take a long bath and rub in any creams with a scent to not give away the whole thing to Tamlin. She wore the dresses he'd pick out for her,no matter what size and always did what he asked her to just to play her part of being the weak little human that he could trust. It worked on Tamlin. But Lucien always saw through her lies. Her deception. But he couldn't say a word,not for the safety of his mate.
Her sister.
He confronted her about it,last week.
She was saddling up a brown mare after successfully throwing off her guards- for the third time that day. The sun was just beginning to reach it's peak and she thought she might hunt for some food to cook up for herself as the staff only serve her real food when she was with Tamlin. And he was away for a meeting with the King for the whole of today. She couldn't have even begged to come as he didn't inform her about his trip,rather leaving her servants to snide it at her this morning. 
Bastard. 
She was checking her arrows as Lucien approached her,a snarl already dawning on his face. 
"You don't belong here." It wasn't a question
"Yes." She answered anyways. Yes she didn't belong here. She didn't care to lie to him. Lucien couldn't- wouldn't do anything for the sake of his mate. Her sister. 
He growled,"So why are you here?" She looked up at him.
"Think about it. It'll come to you." She didn't want this confrontation. The servants could listen in. She got up on her horse. 
"You don't even care about what happened to sisters." A growl emitted from her throat. He stood in front of her horse and she debated running him down. 
"That's where you're wrong." She said before galloping off. 
He had followed her into the forest and wouldn't stop annoying her all day. Eventually she told him that Elain is safe but refused to tell him how she knows or where her sisters were. He seemed satisfied with that and left her alone to hunt down her own meal without a large annoying Fae male scaring off the scored a couple of rabbits and ate well that night.
During her stay she made sure she played her role well. She wouldn't let Tamlin touch her other than innocent hands. She won't step foot in her gallery which thankfully had been left untouched since her disappearance. She developed a weird fear of silver just to fuck with Tamlin who had to throw out all cutlery and plates. Just to prove that she was just but a scare little girl who needed his help.
And boy was she playing her role well.
