AUTHORSNOTE;
May I please note that this is the first FanFiction I have written,so please don't criticise me. Send back positive feedback and please enjoy! Thanks!
Acelin wondered yet again why his life was so boring.
He sat in the same chair he did yesturday,mindlessly as he watched the lit candle bend the shadows on the walls to its will,forcing them to dance a swift waltz.
Acelin was hypnotized. He wasn't able to draw his eyes from the swift,dancing shadows gliding across his marble walls.
They reminded him of some of the Fae that danced for them at Amarantha's parties. They were poised,elegant and swift just like that shadows of the flames.
Acelin sighed,and forced his eyes to avert from the shadows. He looked around his home. There was no windows,so the only light was the candle. The marble walls and floor were clean white,as well as the kitchen table. Altogether 5 doors were spread along the rooms perimeter;three for bedrooms,one for the bathroom and one that led to the grand hallway.
Deciding to do something,he got up from his place on the old chair and stalked over to the door. Grabbing his blood-red robe on the way,he exited his house into the wide,grand hallway.
He made his way down the candle lit hallway,his shoes echoing off the walls. He was the only one in sight,and he found that a good thing.
He turned a corner with the intention of going to Amarantha's ballroom,but found himself facing his big sister and her boyfriend.
They were clearly in love,Acelin could tell by the way they held hands and giggled and blushed.
Acelins sister,Leonora,was where he got his looks from. They shared the same silky red-brown hair,that had a tendency to grow quite fast. Although his hair was cropped short,her hair flowed down her back in a wavy waterfall. It shimmered in the light,making it look more orange and sometimes gold.
They also shared the same eyes. Their deep,ocean blue eyes swirled like most with specks of a lighter shade of blue. People seemed to admire them,and Acelin didn't get the big deal. They were eyes...
Their light skin and soft face glowed true beauty.
The only thing that differed them was their body build. Acelins was muscled and strong,while Leonoras was slim and feminine.
Finally noticing him,Leonora stopped and smiled somewhat sweaty. "Hello my dear little brother." She teased,and her boyfriend,Marken,snickered. "I thought you were at home brooding."
"I thought you were in the broom closet having sex with Marken here,but it seems that both our assumptions were wrong." Acelin swooned,and both Marken and Leonora stiffened.
"So if you would kindly excuse me," Acelin began to walk around them. "I'm going to go and have some fun WITH my cloaths on." He walked away,not daring to look back.
The feeling of their dagger eyes lingered,even five minutes later when he stood outside Amarantha's grand throne room doors.
The breathed in as he opened one of the doors,and entered the party.
Parties were Amaranthas specialty. They were a common thing Under The Mountain,and especially lately.
Especially today.
Acelin took note of the extra detail put into this party. Chandeliers and jewels hung between the countless pillars around the room. Other than that and the now even longer table for wine,it was all normal.
But as Acelin looked around more and took in the sights,he noticed a woman. Naked and nailed high on the wall,mangled and beaten to a bloody cult. It was the first time he had ever seen Clare Beddor,he had only heard of her.
She apparently was the woman who Tamlin the High Lord of the Spring Court had fallen for,but when Amarantha tortured her she explained she had never seen Tamlin or killed a fly.
But that doesn't matter,she's dead now. Her body is now strung up on the wall like a trophy.
And Acelin stood there for a moment and admired it.
Then a voice and a nudge from behind knocked him out of his trance. A familiar giggle identified the beautiful female behind him. "Hello Acelin."
Acelin turned around to be greeted with golden-brown hair,shining bronze eyes and a beautiful round face. The females simple navy blue dress complimented her tanned skin,as well as the golden Jewry hung around her neck,wrists and slightly exposed ancles.
"Hello Melisandra." Acelin responded. "How are you this fine day?" He mocked,and she hit him in the arm with delicate hands.
"Nothing much." She answered anyway. "I guess I'm only waiting for Amarantha to make her announcement." She tilted her head to the side.
Acelin was alarmed. "Amarantha's giving an announcement?" He asked. "Why?"
Melisadra shrugged. "How am I suppose to know? The point of the announcement is that it's a surprise,right?" She winked and Acelin laughed,loosening himself.
Acelin opened his mouth to snap a smart-arse comment but a loud noise silenced him and the rest of the room.
Everyone's automatic response was to look towards the door,and they all bowed down low as Amarantha entered,six young men in tow.
Amarantha approached the Dias gracefully and with the power she knew she carried. The six men behind her stood before it in a line as she placed herself in front of the black throne.
It was only then Acelin noticed two things;
1. These six men were the High Lords of the seven courts;Summer,Autum,Winter,Spring,Day &Dawn.
2. There was another black throne beside Amaranthas.
She extended her arms,as if embracing her people in an affectionate hug. "I present to you..the six High Lords! Broken,and under my control." She announced,grinning like a Cheshire Cat. "And,as a special mention,Tamlin the High Lord of the Spring Court is here after my fifty years of waiting,to take his rightful place on the throne beside me."
Acelin watched in awe,and he could feel Melisandra begin to breathe faster beside him,as Tamlin made his way up the steps toward Amarantha,and said nothing as he sat beside her.
Acelin could see the frustration in her eyes. "Nothing to say?" She shouted. Tamlin remained silent.
Amarantha gave up and sat down. She inclined her head to the other High Lords,and they disappeared into the crowd.
The party continued again. The music played and the Fae drank. Amarantha sat there over everyone,like a mother watching her children interact.
Melisandra came in close and whispered in Acelins ear. "Come,lets go have fun." Acelin turned to her,took her hand and led her to the middle of the room where everyone danced.
And Acelin had fun.

"This is useless!" Acelin grunted,slamming the book on the wooden table. Melisandra looked up from her book and stared at him with a look of disapproval on her face. Acelin mimicked it,and she couldn't help but smile and blush as she looked down at her book again. "Why are you making me do this?" Acelin complained again.
"Because you are a brooding young man who has a mission,but is too busy to give to time,then complains about never having time,then proceeds to brood over his unanswered question." Melisandra snapped,not looking up from her book. Acelin slumped back in his chair defeated.
She noticed after a minute that Acelin wasn't moving. She closed her book,the stood to sit beside him. He didn't notice,probably lost in his conscience. "Look." She started. "If you want to find out what Court your parents originated from,you need to help me." He looked up at her,not saying anything. "I'm on the last Autumn Court file now,you can start on Spring."
And with that,she sat back down on her seat and opened the files,continuing the long list of names and information.
Acelin sighed,taking in her words. It was very much true;he wanted to find where his parents were from,where he was from. His parents would never tell Acelin or Leonora,and it killed him.And even worse,he did nothing about it. He put everything on Melisandra,and he knew he shouldn't.
So he decided to help her.
Acelin stood up from his seat,and walked towards the section of the library with the files. When he got there,he climbed the grand,wooded latter to the top shelf,where all the files where. He reached over to a copper-orange book,titled;Autumn Court. Acelin giggled,they weren't very creative with the name where they?
He climbed down from the ladder with the bulky book under his arm. He clutched it close to his chest as he walked back to Melisandra. He didn't feel very comfortable in the library;the towering shelves and silence somewhat intimidated him.
He rounded a corner,lost in thought untill;
"BOO"
Acelin jumped back in surprise and Marken laughed. "You're as easy to scare as your sister!" He laughed some more,and Acelin walked by him as if he were furniture. Marken noticed. "Hey,don't leave me. I was only having fun."
Acelin continued walked,and didn't face Marken as he said;"We're in a library,please be quiet." Marken giggled somewhat manly,and Acelin walked faster.
Marken caught up with ease. "Come on Ace,don't be such a sad sally. Come with me,there's wine and music waiting for you to enjoy."
Acelin wouldn't take the bait. "I'm here with Mel to research,I'm not going to leave her." Markens grin became more strained. "Besides," Acelin continued. "She can probably hear us anyway."
Marken shook his head and snorted. "Melisandra is as deaf as a post when she is reading,trust me." Marken insisted,and Acelin hesitated. "She can't hear us." Marken pushed.
Acelin turned to face him,taking the bait. "I'll come for one drink,then I will be coming right back." Marken rejoiced with a raise knuckle. He grabed the large book from Acelin and sat it on a nearby chair.
Acelin didn't feel much guilt for what he was doing. It was only one drink,that couldn't hurt. Besides,he reasoned,Melisandra is a sweat girl,she won't be mad.
Marken and Acelin raced each-other down the large halls toward the party,and Marken won. "WOO!" He celebrated as Acelin caught up. They stood at the door,Marken pumped but Acelin puffed out and tired. "I win again!" Marken declared as he opened the door and entered.
Acelin followed and took in the dancing and the drinking and the mingling around the room. He spotted Amarantha and Tamlin on the Thrones,and he spotted a couple shimmering masks of the High Lords in the mix of colour.
It had been days since he had last been here,since Amarantha presented them with the six high Lords. What they were celebrating now was a mystery. Aclein ventured towards the wine table,poured himself a glass and took a sip,savouring the sparkling taste.
He thought about Melisandra for a moment,then felt a tang of guilt. That was quickly shaken away. Marken was right,she probably hasn't even noticed yet,he thought to himself as he took another sip from the wine glass.
He leaned on the table,his feet out in front of him. He stared absent-mindedly into space as a figure moved past him,then fell to the ground. Acelin snapped out of it and looked down to see a Fae male with dark hair and clothes. He Fae stood up swiftly,but as Acelin opened his mouth to apologise,the figure tuned around.
Acelins jaw dropped.
Rhysand,Amaranthas whore,faced him burning him with his ice-cold eyes. "No apologises?" He swooned half-heartedly. Acelin apologized,but Rhys didn't seem to care for it. "It's fine,it's not like I fell down a bottomless well to hell." And with that,he walked away leaving Acelin in a frozen state.
He watched as Rhysand made his way towards the throne,then took a sharp turn and leaned on the wall beside the dais. Nobody seemed to notice. The firmilliar noise of the opening door gained Acelins attention,but when he turned everyone went quiet.
Two Attor glided through the double doors,hurling a bony girl between them.

The Attor half dragged,half guided the girl – the mortal – toward the dias. Acelin shuffled towards the dias,then made his way to the front of the crowd.
Acelin couldn't find the words to describe the scene that played before him.
This mortal female had come Under The Mountain to save Tamlin. The girl strung up on the wall was a fake,an understudy brought to the show. Now this girl shows up and stands in a room full of deadly High Fae,without fear or worry.
Acelin knew she was going to die. She was giving up her life of freedom away,for love? All Acelin wanted was freedom,and she come here as if it was nothing. Acelin would have done anything to be in her place. But in his life,whatever he does will make no difference. He will forver he Under The Mountain. He will never see sunlight,never hear birds and never find his original Court.
"Give her a greeting worthy of my hall." Amarantha drawled,laid back in her black throne. The Attor smiled,and the human girl turned too late. The Attor swung its fist into her jaw,and he slid across the floor to the wall slamming into it. Bones cracked,blood sprayed and her screams of agony rung through the hall. Acelin turned away,vanishing into the crowd.
He slithered his way through the Fae easily,making it to the door. He opened it,but had to take one more look. Her body was disfigured,broken bones and covered in blood. She had passed out. A poor,breakable human she was,Acelin thought to himself as he stepped into the hallway.
He began to walk back the library,passing lesser fae who were trying to hear what was happening. He did not greet or acknowledge him at all,for they did not deserve his attension.
He found his way to the library. He opened the door silently,crept through the tall shelves and found Mel sitting there,in the same spot as last time. Her back was dead straight and turned from Acelin,so he couldn't see her face. Her arms folded neatly in her lap. He knew what was coming,he could basically feel the cold anger radiating off her.
Acelin opened his mouth to say something,but Mel simply lifted a hand and he was silenced. "You are an ignorant bastard,you know that?" She snarled. She stood and turned to him. Her face was a statue of frozen rage,and Acelin found it hard to keep his feet planted. "You have no excuse as to why you left. That act simply shows that you don't want my help,and you don't truly want to know where you come from."
Acelin stood frozen. She had never talked to him,or anyone,like this before. She was the image of pure sweetness…most times anyway. Acelin was always told by Marken that when she was presented with anything over-dramatically gory she grew into the monster of monsters. He tied to open his mouth to speak,but she was suddenly in front of him,her forefinger on his lips,silencing him. "Talk,and you get your lips ripped right off that pretty little face of yours." Acelin swallowed saliva hat had gathered in his mouth.
Mel grinned manically. "You don't like that idea,do you? I can always arrange something else." Her eyes trailed down his body. "You will no longer ask for my help,you will no longer talk to me as if we are friends,and you will never,ever,look at me with that admiration and longing that you did."
And just like that,she was gone. All the traces of her ever in this room,gone. Acelin breathed in and out,in and out. This wasn't her,but it was. He had never experienced her being that way,but he knew she had before. He didn't like Marken,but he believed him when he said she was dangerous.
Marken walked back to his room,feeling completely destroyed. The lesser fae he passed shrunk back at his presence. He wondered why,he didn't look at all harmful,or as many people had said.
He turned the last corner to his room,then heard noices. There was banging and groaning coming from his room. "Oh god." Acelin breathed,covering his ears,"Oh god no no no no no no no no no no no no no no." he began to run away,then found himself at the doors of Melisandras room. He reaches=d for the door handle,then retreated back. The last moment with her suddenly came back to him.
"Hey!" A deep,rough voice came from down the hall. Acelin turned to see a guard addressing him. "You sir."
"Y-yes." Acelin replied,unsure of what to say in this matter.
"I need you to help us down at the cells." He guard said as he caught up to him. As he stood in front of Acelin,he realised how large the guard was. He was at least three heads taller than him. Aceli could imagine his square shoulders and thick arms cruch five men to bits. His eyes were the most frightening attribute though,a brown so dark they were black.
"Why?" Acelin asked,not wanting to be put on guard duty. He had never before,but he could imagine how boring it must be.
"Most of our men are gone." The guard replied. "You'll only be there for a few hours,then we'll let you go." Acelin considered this for a moment,then deciding that the option to guard would keep him occupied. "Sure,do I need to wear a uniform?"
"No." The guard replied. He began to walk off,and Acelin followed beside him. "By the way,The guard said,turning his head down to Acelin who looked up. "My name is Gabriel,second in command."
Gabriel led Acelin down the halls toward the cells. He opened a door,letting Acelin enter first. Gabriel followed after. "We have few things down here,but our main priority is the rougue Attor." Acelin passed many cells,eyeing every one as if waiting for them to burst open.
Acelin couldn't stop the words from escaping his mouth. "Where's the girl?"
Gabriel gave him a look,then decided that it wasn't harmful to tell him. "She is here,but you are not to visit her without permission." Acelin nodded,and look at the door Gabriel indicted to. Acelin looked over at Gabriel,silently asking permission to see her.
He nodded.
Acelin approached the door,and peeked through the bars at the top of the door. The girl was fragile,thin as a bug. Her bones stuck in odd directions,unnatural and completely purposeful. She was asleep,or dead. It didn't make a difference.
She was doomed,Acelin knew it.
I am very much aware that I haven't focused on this story for a while. I was just so into 'Witchling' that i close to forgot OFUTM completely.
I hope you enjoyed this. For a while i had alot of lines from the book,and i decided that wasn't right for the story. If you are confused about what happened,sorry for not telling you. But,you remember Amarantha's &Feyre's first encounter right?
I certainly didnt...
Anyway,sooner or later this weekend i will update Witchling,if you are interested. Love you guys!

Acelin came to the quick conclusion that stand around doing nothing was boring.
It had been only half an hour of standing outside the girl's door,and Acelin's back hurt like shit and was bored as hell. He had been staring into space really,not very good guarding,he though. Be he didn't care. He didn't care for the Mountain's security. He didn't want to be here,doing someone else's dirty work for them.
His head tilted to the ground,suddenly becoming too heavy for his neck. A loud shout from down the hall awoke him,and her jerked and turned his head to the side. Gabriel stood there. He shouted again;"All can go away now,I will stay here." Other guards walked away happily,chattering to friends and slapping their backs. As Acelin began walking,Gabriel ran up and stopped him with a firm hand. "You get to stay here," he said. "Stay by the girl's door,I will be outside."
He began walking away. "Why can't one of the real guards stay behind?" Acelin hadn't realised he had said that out loud until Gabriel turned around slowly to face him. Gabriel's face was a cold rage,his eyes the only indication of the fire that burned. "With all do respect." Acelin continued,his hand up in the air in surrender. "Why would you want an unexperienced Fae like me,instead one of your good guards." Acelin's heart began beating to an uneven drum,fearing what would happen to him within the next five minutes.
"Because." Gebriel explained slowly,unclenching his tight fits. "You are disposable,have worked for close to nothing and the others need a rest." He turned and opened the door to the long hall,the turned to say;"Besides,you're watching a close-to-dead mortal. It can't be that hard."
And with that,Gebriel closed the door to leave Acelin in a dark pit of boredom.
Acelin awoke to a hand tounding his shoulder. Oh shit. He was dead,gebriel was here to kill him for good. He might evan keep him to slowly torture him to death,and he sure to keep him awake to dead with the pain. Acelin opened his mouth the scream,but a roung,scarred hand covered his mouth.
A face was right in front of his. One russet eye,the other completely metal with a painful looking scar running over it. His trademark red hair marked him as an Autumn Court Fae,but then the relocation came to Acelin. This was the youngest son of the High Lord of the Autumn Court,Lucien. "Shut up." Lucien hissed. "When I take my hand off,you will be silent. Understood?"
Acelin nodded,and Lucien hesitantly took his hand away from Acelin's mouth. "Hello." Acelin said,then immediately felt stupid. Being caught for sleeping on the job,being awoken then silenced and the only thing he could think of was hello? Cauldron boil him. "What's up." God,now's he's done it.
Lucien gave him a weird look. "I need to get into that cell." He said in a commander's voice.
"Why?" Was all that Acelin asked. He had no reason to fight this Fae,he had no honour for the guard. He wasn't going to "stand in the name of the Queen' or anything like that.
Lucien snarled. "You're not a very stubborn man,nor do you really care for what you are doing." He drawled. "So just let me in,or I will have to rick my life and remove your head from your neck." Acelin considered is threat. It was bad to not have your head,he decided. So he stepped to the side,and watched as Lucien let himself inside the cell door.
When he closed it again,Acelin took his post before the door. He noticed something then,something had for some reason hadn't occored to him five seconds ago. Lucien was willing to kill,which was suicide on his part,to see this girl. He cared,enough that he was going to kill to gte to her. There was no way she was this important,right?
Acelin listened into the conversation,but could only make out the casual words of;"You shouldn't have","broken","trapped" and so on. Acelin breathed out. Whoever designed the doors of these cells were hopeless. Layered so much that Fae hearing couldn't hear through them was stupid,especially if they tried to escape.
In a matter of what seemed to be seconds,Lucien exited the cell door and began walking off. He turned to Acelin. "Thank you." Was all he said,and left the dungeon.
Sorry this is so short and I have been a little absent,school has bombarded me with assignments. I will try to regularly upload again,please forgive me.
