Andras POV
The Mother was in my favor. A doe,not yet scrawny from the battering of winter yet desperate enough to be ripping bark off a gnarled tree,stood fifteen paces upwind of me. A small grin tugged at my animalistic lips. A week without food had let the animal side take over - an I was going to use it.
A faint rustling in the nearby trees alerted me of another being. A hunter - no. A huntress. All thoughts of fun,of home,dropped out of my mind. There was just one thing - her. She was all that mattered.
She could be the one to save us all.
And she needed to kill me.
I could see it. There was a long ash arrow in her quiver. My very bones were repelled from it. And her stance… she held herself like an experienced killer. Her face was devoid of emotion. She focused only on her prey,sizing it up,measuring how long it would last.
For once I cursed my silver and grey pelt,which,while striking and noticeable in my fae form,blended perfectly into the twinkling snow.
Suddenly I felt grief as I had only felt once before.
I was going to die.
I was giving up my life to save my people. I was leaving me friends,my makeshift family for real. I was the sacrifice that would start or end a war.
But she needed to notice me first.
Heart heavy,I continued my stalk of the doe. She wanted it - she'd do whatever possible to make sure it stayed hers.
Even take on a faery.
Cauldron save me.
Tears threatened to break past my lupine eyes,but I kept my gaze on my prey.
Mother hold me.
My paws shook slightly,undetectable to a mortal eye,but enough that I cracked a twig on the way down.
Guide me to you.
The girl snapped her gaze toward me as the doe froze up and glanced around nervously. I kept my eyes away from hers.
Let me pass through the gates.
My senses went into overdrive. I smelled the fear and grief emitting from my own body.
The pure hatred radiating from hers.
Let me smell that immortal land of milk and honey.
I laughed softly to myself as I sank low onto my haunches. Oh,she'd do quite well. I pitied Tamlin and Lucien for trying to deal with her.
Let me fear no evil.
Ah,I was so hungry. So hungry,so tired,so sad.
Let me feel no pain.
I shot out of the underbrush,jaws crunching the weak neck of the doe. Warmth filled my mouth before searing pain stabbed through my side. I released the doe with a bark of pain,recognizing the ash wood embedded in my flank.
I whirled towards the girl,letting the beast take over for a moment. A low growl ripped out of my maw,hackles raised. Fear and that pungent hatred invaded my nostrils.
She stood,arrow drawn and aimed. I just looked.
Kill me. Let it be done. I was ready to leave.
And yet,I felt guilt. The girl,no matter how old of a soul she was,couldn't be over twenty years old. She was desperate enough to take on a faery. She had a family to support,if she was even willing to challenge a wolf for the doe.
I looked,and she looked back.
Her arrow flew straight and true,spearing through my eye. I dropped to the ground with a whine.
Pain as I had never experienced before ripped through my body,roared through my blood.
I was dying.
I could never come back from this.
I pawed at the ground,a tear slipping from my eye. I doubted the girl saw. Whimpers forced themselves out of my body. I wasn't ready. Not now,please,not now.
I felt something lift out of my body,like I had been unburdened by all worry and fear.
I wasn't afraid. My eyes fluttered as I tried to make out the snow one last time.
As I tried to make out one of the most beautiful sights possible.
And I breathed my last breath. And my heart beat its last beat.
Let me enter eternity.
