The tide touched the tips of her toes as she hugged herself,looking out onto the dark surface of the lake water. A sliver of a tail caught the corner of her eye,but she ignored it as she continued to stare out on to the inky water. Ravus stood behind her,his head hung low in guilt,he wanted so much to reach out and touch her but was afraid of the rejection to his touch. Val took a deep breathe and turned slowly around to face Ravus.
"Why?"
"To be free."
"Aren't you already?"
"I needed you be to safe from the other Fae."
"Why would I be in danger?"
"Because of me. Well you were always in danger for being mortal but being with me put you in even more danger. They look down on human and Fae relationships. Even those between only half bloods. With Robien in charge,you are no longer in any danger. My fears for you can be lifted a little bit."
"Only a little bit?"
"I still fear for you against myself"
"Why did you go without even telling me?"
"Because you would have wanted to be by my side at the battle field and I couldn't have that."
"Of course I would of wanted to be there. I should have been there. By your side."
"I never want anything to happen to you."

He growled deep as her hands slide over his back muscles,slipping around his waist and hugging herself to his back. Her hands slid lower and clenched his calves,he gasped and held his breathe as her hand glided softly over his crotch.
"Val," Her hands slid up along his stomach and clutched around his waist.
"Yes,Ravus?"
"You tease me. You know how much you effect me yet you still continue to tease me."
"What do you want then,Ravus?"
"You,"
Val slipped around him,her arms still loosely holding him. "I'm right here." Ravus moved so quickly it seemed to Val that he disappeared. All she knew was one second he was in front of her,standing and next she was on her back on his bed with him hovering over her,breathing heavily,trying to take control again. Val shifted forward,capturing his lips with her own. He pushed forward,trapping her while growling in pleasure. Val knew he had lost control again,he'd never managed to hold it for long. He was always afraid that he would hurt her in his spouts of lost control. Val knew he would never hurt her.
