As a side note,amongst house Atredies possessions was a single cage containing a pair of genetically altered lab mice,perhaps used by the Bene Gesserit as a forgotten part of their genetic experiments to produce the Kwizat Haadreach.
Seemingly Irrelevant Footnotes of the Rise of Muad Dib by the Princess Irulan,Ach Mei press
House Atredies was firmly in place on Arakeen,on the planet Arakkis. Servants,guards and the like were scurrying about,all oblivious to a lab cage containing a pair of white mice. One short,with an extra large head was scribbling notes on a small scrap of paper. Another,a tall thin scrawny type,was spinning around on his wheel,as if hoping to get anywhere.
"Gee Brain! Now that we finally arrived,what do you want to do tonight?"
"The same thing we do every night! Albeit with a twist." He then paused to chew on a piece of Melange spice. "Do you know where we are?"
"Um,in a cage?" said Pinky
Brain lowered his head patiently,and spoke. "Repeat the litany Pinky."
"Um,I must not annoy Brain. Brain is the pain bringer…" and with that,Brain knocked him over the head with a convenient mallet.
"Never forget Pinky. Now pay attention. We are on the planet Arrakis. A very important planet in the empire. This planet produces the spice mélange."
"You mean that cinammony like stuff we sometimes eat?"
"Yes. The same. It is an important product that is used for navigation purposes by the spacing guild,and the Bene Gesserit,who use it for mind control,among other things. It is a very important resource. For he who controls it,can control the empire!"
"Oh bravo Brain!" said Pinky with sincere admiration "But wait. How does this involve us?"
"I'm glad you asked. When we were back on Caladan,I overheard Lady Jessica talking to some old woman concerning a Bene Gesserit ploy to breed a mental superhuman. Apparently there was a flaw involving Master Paul,but that's not important. The important part is that one with such capabilities could manipulate the indigenous people of this world,the Fremen,into revealing to him the secrets of the spice,thus threatening the guilds monopoly on travel,THUS RULING THE WORLD! Are you pondering what I'm pondering?"
"I Think so Brain,but I don't understand how an old Earth British slapstick sitcom starring a pudgy comedian could be responsible for a centuries old breeding program.!"
Brain paused as he pondered Pinky's remark. "Bene Gesserit Pinky. Not Benny Hill!"
"Oh! That makes MUCH more sense Brain! It would seem silly to have a breeding program involving people running around and slapping the back of cute bald guys!"
"Yes Pinky,now repeat the litany!"
"Um,I must not annoy Brain. Brain is the pain bringer…" and again,Brain knocked him over the head with a convenient mallet.
