I have finished Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children and Oh My Bird! What in the loop just happened!? And why isn't there any more books in the series? I am very excited for the movie which is coming in September 30,2016 I believe. Even though they switched Emma &Olive's powers…which is fine,I can handle that (lol kidding I can't. But it's Hollywood). And this fanfic is a collection of my favorite OTP that is in this series. Emma Bloom &Jacob Portman. JEMMA
We Have Time.
After Emma Bloom kissed me on the cheek,I smiled and kissed her back on her cheek as well. She giggled.
We Have Time. The words were stuck in my head for it will tell me that,we will have normal lives (teaching them to be normal),not busy stressing out &always thinking whether to run or hide. But at this moment,it's just me and Emma. And we will figure our lives out together with my new family and my original family. In my house. In Florida. With my parents &uncles not knowing what the hell just happened. I took a deep breath,and slip my arms around Emma's waist.
"We should probably go back inside,and perhaps help me talk to my parents &uncles."
"Of course," she replied,"We'll maybe talk about that whole being normal thing later?"
"Of course."
"Sorry to interrupt this…whatever you guys are having."
We immediately let go of each other and turn to see Enoch leaning against the doorframe. He waved his fingers and smiled,"You should probably go inside and talk to your family…they got out of the vehicle and hiding in the corner." He went back inside.
I groaned. "A guy like me never rest huh?"
Emma smiled,"Indeed. Come on now." She pulled my hand and shockingly,she doesn't feel hot like before when we were in Addison's house. Where we both felt the wave of heat on my face. But now I don't. Should I be worried?
I found my parents and my two uncles huddled together like penguins when there is a strong cold storm coming in the Poles. But shaking,wide-eyed and terrified. I sighed.
"Mom? Dad?" I started,but my other hand was pulled by my mother and she wrapped her arms around me and I can barely breathe and I was torn from Emma's grip.
"DON'T COME NEAR MY SON!" my mother screamed,
"Sorry! I wasn't hurting him!" Emma said,wrapping herself with her arms.
"Its okay,Emma." I said,"Can you go upstairs and tell the others that we are fine and that we are just having a friendly family reunion. And perhaps wait in the living room."
Emma nodded and went to the house. I easily slipped away from my mother's tight grip gently.
"I hope I'm not going to that place you were driving me too,because the guests will be very disappointed that we left them alone,in our house." I began to say.
"They are not welcome here and I don't care what they think." One of my uncle said,
"Jacob." I turned to me dad who was out of breath,"Who are they? What are they? And why are they here?"
"Long story,in which we have time for,if you cancel they registration with that clinic we were about to go." I said,"Please."
My family exchanged looks and I knew what the adults are saying. We need to get him to the clinic and maybe put me in the clinic as well. 
"Okay,fine,let's not do that. But can we please go upstairs and meet them." None of them move. I let out and exasperated sigh. "I wasn't asking."
That I could've been grounded for. But they don't seem to care.
"Lead the way." My dad let out a hand.
I exhaled,Thank God.
We found all of the children sitting on one of the couch. Enoch,Claire,Hugh,Horace,&Bronwyn with Olive on her lap. Millard sitting on the arm of the couch and Emma &Miss Peregrine sitting next to them.
"Mom,Dad,Uncles. This is Miss Peregrine and her Peculiar children!" I step aside for them to see the others.
The kids cheered and said hello showing their abilities,Miss Peregrine waved while Emma waved a flaming hand.
"Oh dear God,the room is getting dark." My mom put a hand to her head,
"Would you like a glass of water?" Milliard ask,with a cup of water in his invisible hand,
"Why thank you." My mom took the cup and realized there was nothing holding the cup,she spit out her water to Millard and screamed. Millard screamed and leapt on Enoch's lap which Enoch scowled and dropped him on the floor. Oops.
"Can we please sit down and-" I was cut off when my family ran to the other couch across the room. "Anyways,mom,dad," I glance at Miss Peregrine who nodded. "I ran away was definitely NOT because I was on drugs or being paranoid. It's because…I had what Grandpa Portman had."
I saw my dad's eyes widened,my mom gripping the cup very tightly I thought it might break any second. My uncles kept staring to the kids. And the kids stared back,except for Emma who was looking at me and Miss Peregrine too.
So I told them the whole story about what happened when I went missing with the help of the children who was very excited telling them. At the end,everyone was out of breath and wide eyed. Except for Miss Peregrine who was very calm and patient because I know that after this she has to erase their memories about what just happened. And it's okay.
"So,any questions?" Enoch asked,
Thankfully they didn't have any questions which is great because we mentioned Grandpa Portman and they somehow understand. Mom called the doctor &told her to cancel the registration for the clinic,went to change her clothes,my uncles went out to get some fresh air somewhere,my father,however,stayed and watched me as he paced back &forth.
"Are you done doing that? You're making me dizzy." Claire said,
My dad came up to me and asked,"Jacob,is that the girl you kissed back at the police station?" he pointed at Emma and Emma blushed and turn her head away.
"Yes."
"She's the one who sent you those letters."
"Yes. Can I have them back?"
"Is she your girlfriend?"
She came toward me and curtsied,"Pleasure to meet you,Mr. Portman."
Before I said anything,my dad hugged me very hard and lift me off the ground. "That's my son. That's a Portman!" he jumped and spin making me bounce.
"You're not mad?" I asked as he put me down,
"Mad! How can I be mad? My son has a girl!" he smiled and turned to Emma,"How old are you?"
Emma replied,"16."
I raised my eyebrows. My dad shot his hand and shook Emma's hand and said,"Welcome to the family!"
I wrapped my arms around her waist and she wrapped her arms around my neck.
"Honey! Our son has a girl! A real one!" My dad yelled and jumped for joy and ran upstairs where my mother is.
After everyone settled in,the kids took a look at the rooms I have in the house. They love it. It was bigger than they thought it would,since there are five rooms,Miss Peregrine assigned that four boys &three girls. The girls agreed,the boys not so much.
"Why am I with him?" Horace pointed to Enoch. "I haven't committed a crime."
"And why am I with Sherlock,Invisible Boy,Buzz?" Enoch complained.
"I'm not that bad." Millard replied,
"You might as well be naked and watch us and we won't notice." Enoch pointed
"Yes,I might as well tease you of your man parts." Millard retorted coming in the room.
"OH HO!" Horace began but stopped when Enoch glared at him.
The girls had already went inside their room,Miss Peregrine gave Emma permission to sleep in my room and Miss Peregrine has her own room alone. Once everyone settled in,Emma and I went downstairs so I can show her a few things in modern day life. She asked me questions what is the huge screen against the wall,why is this? What is that? It's adorable. We finally went to my bedroom,and we took off our coats and sat down on my bed.
"So." She said,
"So."
"That whole normal thing? Is it fun?"
I reached up and touched her cheek with my hand,"Kind of,just try to stay with me."
She leaned in my hand and kissed my palm and said,"Always."
I leaned in and kissed her,gentle on her lips. Her hands wrapped around my neck as I wrapped my arms around her waist,she stood up and sat on my lap. Her hands tangled in my hair and my hands roaming her back. The kiss was no longer gentle. It was now full of passion,desire and hunger. I slowly put my hands on her thighs and I found myself coming between her skirts,I believe I should slow down. But Emma stopped kissing me on the lips and start kissing my neck. I groaned and fell back against the bed,Emma sat up and tugged my shirt,silently asking to take it off. So I took it off and threw my shirt somewhere on the floor,I closed my eyes as she started kissing my chest then my stomach then she's back kissing my mouth. Tongues battling and our breathing going faster,I took hold of her shoulders and gently rolled us across the bed putting me on top of her. I gazed into her beautiful eyes and she gazed into mine. I sat up and bit my bottom lip as I stared at her shirt. She know that it's her turn and pulled the shirt over her head,revealing small lines on her chest and stomach. Scars.
"Where did you get these?" I whispered trailing each and every one of them with my finger.
"Let's just say that they are battle scars." She whispered,I looked up and looked back and started kissing each of the scars gently and coming up kissing her neck and jaw,I held her hands against the bed,she closed her eyes and arched her back a little. We are now kissing. Two teenagers on the bed half naked and kissing. She moaned and that made me feel something that I don't know what it was.
Knock,knock
I heard that someone was at my door but I didn't want to get it,I am very busy right now.
Knock,knock
"Who is it?" I asked,
"Dad."
Damn,"Umm,yeah hold on a sec." I quickly grabbed my shirt and I gave Emma hers as she sat nicely on my bed,I opened the door,revealing my dad with his PJ's. "Everything okay?"
"Yeah,just going to say good night,and good night Emma." He waved at her who waved back. He leaned in whispering,"No monkey business." Then he was gone.
"Sorry about that." I said coming to the bed,
"Don't be." She smiled a little. "Let's just go to sleep."
I nodded,it has been a long day.
I turned off the light and cover ourselves with the blanket,I looked to Emma,and she knows what I was going to say.
"Yeah,Yeah I know." She whispered,
"We'll have time." I kissed her gently on her lips
Then we fell asleep in each other's arms.
