A.N. I have only gone through the first and second book so I will have no info for the third book but that doesn't matter because this is a A.U story so it doesn't go with the story very much.
miss peregrine P.O.V.
I just opened up a clinic for children who think they can do things that other people can`t do but really there brains are just messing with them. It is a two story house with a 1940`s theme to it because no electronics allowed here,there is a big back yard,and a ocean view. The house is located in Wales,England on a island about a hour boat ride away. There are ten kids coming today and I do hope for more so I can help them with there problem. The clinic is called Miss Peregrine`s Home For Peculiar Children and the children coming over here are:
Emma Bloom- Thinks she can control fire,burned down her room "trying" to control a fire she made.
Jacob (Jake) Portman- Believes he can see the monsters that killed his grandfather (was actually killed by a wild dog).
Bronwyn- Thinks she has super strength,tried to kill her abusive step-father by crushing his neck with her strength (didn't kill him but he was taken to jail).
Claire- Thinks she has a mouth on the back of her head that eats all her food (actually the dog behind her eating the food)
Olive- Thinks she is lighter then air,jumped off her roof thinking she could fly broke her arm and leg but did not kill her.
Horace- Believes he can predict the future with his dreams and the ones he doesn't remember are not that important.
Millard- Thinks he is invisible because no one seems to notice him at school and at home (tried to steel something but got caught,police thought he was insane).
Fiona- is mute and believes she can create plants out of dirt (has a green thumb).
Hugh- Believes he has a beehive in his stomach because he ate a bee once and nothing happened to him.
Enoch- Thinks he can bring back the dead and has a bad temper against anyone who says other wise.
Those are the ten kids coming over to the home,I do hope they can git over these pecuiler thoughts they have.
