A/N:I just finished Library of Souls,and it was really good,so now I'm writing this.
Disclaimer:I do not own the Peculiar Children series.
Contrary to popular belief,Alma LeFay Peregrine actually did care for both of her brothers,even loved them.
It was too bad that they were both dead,one trying to kill her,the other trying to save her.
But when one loses a sibling,no matter how lost they may be,one grieves for them.
That was why Emma found a tear-struck Miss Peregrine in her bedroom one day,looking at old pictures.
"Miss Peregrine?" Emma asked,confused. "Are you all right?"
"Look at me,Jack! I can turn into a bird!"
"Too bad you aren't any good at it,moron," Jack said,using his sister's surprise to his advantage,and plucking out a few of Alma's feathers.
"Well,it's too bad that I get to be a ymbryne which is really important,and you don't!"
Was she all right?
"Leave my sister alone," Jack cried,pushing away the girl who had been relentlessly teasing Alma. "Are you all right,sis?"
As terrible as he had been,Jack had his moments. And Myron...
"I got you a cookie from the party,Alma,since you couldn't go."
Emma stared,"Miss Peregrine?"
"I wish I got to be a a ymbryne. You're lucky,Alma," Myron sighed.
"Being a ymbryne is really important! I get to learn to make loops,and I can do all these important things..."
Miss Peregrine sighed. If only she had been a better sister.. If only she hadn't been so selfish..
"Miss Peregrine,have you heard the news? There was a massive explosion in Siberia,and your brothers were in it. I'm sorry,but they're all dead."
"Miss Peregrine? The monsters…...they are your fallen brothers."
"Maybe if you hadn't been so selfish,Alma,and helped us,the loop would have worked,and this wouldn't have happened…."
"I HATE YOU,Alma!"
"Here,Alma. It's the same instructions I gave Jack. You have to close the loop. It's the only way….."
Miss Peregrine wiped her eye. "It's nothing,Miss Bloom. Just something in my eye…"
A/N:Feel free to review!
