Title:Snow Storms.Fandom:M.P.H.F.P.C.Characters:AllWarnings:NoneRating:K (Safe)Genre:Family/Comfort
DISCLAIMER:I DO NOT OWN MPHFPC OR ANY OF THE CHARACTERS. ALL CHARACTERS BELONG TO RANSOM RIGGS.a/n: welcome peculiar readers! this is just a series of one-shots about how I imagine their life would be with Jacob after the events of LoS.—
As the storm outside howled with all the intensity and sound that reminded them of dark days put to rest,the peculiars sat comfortably in Jacob's living room. With their wondrous eyes they watched the TV with the utmost concentration and awe,their eyes not straying for a single second. The loud volume shielded them from the horrendous screeches of the snow and wind that blew outside,wild and terrifying. Even if not for the storm,the mere fact that the pictures in the box were moving was so utterly entertaining,so incredibly fun,that even the eldest amongst them was captivated by the plot and scenery of Tom and Jerry.
It was truly a sight to behold;the light was dimmed to the lowest setting,encasing the large living room with an odd feeling of haven and safety as the storm raged wildly on the other end of the tall windows. The kids were sprawled all over the place with quilts and blankets and pillows all to their expense. The floors were littered with big and plushy mats for those who wished to lay rest on the floor. Blankets surrounded everyone,on their shoulders,on their legs,everywhere! Anyone who entered the house would surely think that they'd raided the nearest Walmart of all their sleep supplies. And so they watched,surrounded by the mounds of quilts and feelings of warmth and love and family.
At one end of the large U-shaped couch laid Jacob and Emma,a tangled mess under a bright green quilt,discussing the escape routes that Jerry could've taken and criticizing Tom for the many opportunities he'd missed in the capture of his little foe. Bronwyn was sitting in the opposite corner,cuddling Olive and Claire all the while tickling them every once in a while to keep them laughing.
Enoch was sitting on a tower of cushy mats on the floor with a big wool blanket around his shoulders,playing around lazily with his clay homunculi soldiers. Leaning on him was Hugh,who was unsurprisingly fast asleep,the warmth and comfort of their surrounding too much to keep him from deep slumber. And no one could blame him either,with the events of the last few weeks,everyone had been knocked dead tired. Horace on the other hand,was enjoying a nice and warm cup of tea while relaxing on the large red bean bag chair stationed in the corner of the room,flipping through the pages of the newest edition of Men's Fashion magazine.
For the first time since their great and treacherous adventure,they were able to rest without a care for the next second.
Miss Peregrine was in the kitchen behind them,humming quietly to herself as she stirred several cups of steaming hot chocolate. The potent smell wafted through the air and nearly all nine children simultaneously sat upright in their seats,anticipating the gooey,chocolatey,goodness that was surely coming their way. Miss Peregrine chuckled softly as she brought the tray over to the children,one by one setting down the hot cups in their freezing hands. Save Emma,who was hotter than a walking furnace,although she'd never admit that she liked to save her most heated moments for Jacob. (Mind you,she'd been waiting for those moments for years! No,decades!)
The tranquility of the moment seemed to overpower even the best of them,the sensory overload nearly knocking half of them to sleep after their cup was finished. Ms. Peregrine herself looked exhausted beyond belief,folding herself quietly underneath the covers of her own wool quilt and slowly letting herself be arrested by the overbearing force of slumber.
By the end of the fiasco the only ones who were standing awake were Emma and Jacob,talking quietly between themselves. As they talked about the sweetest nothings,Jacob realized just how grateful he was for the force of time slowing down just enough for them to hold each as they do know,to kiss each other,to love each other.
With a few more exchanged caresses and whispers,the petite girl fell sound asleep in the arms of her beloved. With a deep and content sigh and his love in his arms,Jacob finally found himself able to imagine a future with his friends. A future with Emma.
And he'd have it no other way.

Title:Nightmares.Fandom:M.P.H.F.P.C.Characters:Jacob Portman &Emma BloomWarnings:Slight Mature MentionsRating:T (^ bc of aforementioned reasons)Genre: Angst &Comfort/Romance
DISCLAIMER:I DO NOT OWN MPHFPC OR ANY OF THE CHARACTERS. ALL CHARACTERS BELONG TO RANSOM RIGGS.a/n:hello! some part of this story is the same as another fanfic I wrote about percabeth (percy and annabeth) on my tumblr (merodraws) because I had run out of ideas. Just letting you guys know that I didn't steal anyones work. enjoy!:)—
It was an odd thing really,this unspoken connection of gestures and caresses that Emma and him had grown so accustomed to use. Like how in times of turmoil,she touches her forehead gently to his,cupping his face with her soft hands and whispering small encouragements when the dark memories come rocking his skull. Or when he embraces her in a hug so big and tight and warm that she stops trembling in the wake of her horrendous flashbacks and falls into another void of uneasy dreams.
It wasn't easy for any of them to recover from the last few terrifying weeks but they've been holding up. Some taking longer to climb the road to recovery than others. Those some being Jacob.
His nightmares had become tenfold what it had been with all its intensity. He dreamt of Caul's transformation at the spirit pool in the Library of Souls. He dreamt of horrible things happening to his friends,to Miss Peregrine,to Emma. He dreamt of her bloodcurdling screams as foul,disgusting soldiers ran their hands unrightfully against her fit body,her begging to be saved from their filthy touch.
The worst part was his immobility in those dreams. He'd see soldiers performing sickening experiments upon his friends as they cried for mercy,and he would be behind a glass wall,begging,screaming,praying that he would wake up. He was as good as useless.
But it was always much worse when it came to Emma. Behind that same damned glass he'd see the men at the wildflower field pinning her to the wall,whispering disgusting words of submission in her ear as she strains as much as she can away from them. "I like 'em with hot a temper," they'd say,laughing mockingly at her hands tied up above her,unable to burn her capturers,writhing and screaming underneath their foul touch.
She'd always been there though. When his screams echoed loud through the wee hours of the night she'd be the first one to wake. (Partially because they slept together,both refusing to sleep alone,but also because she knew that scream came from the darkest pits of the Devils Acre.) She'd grab his arms frantically and shake him to consciousness,hold him as he wept and embrace him with so much emotion and passion that he'd fall back asleep in Emma's warmth.
The gesture was offered vise versa as well;Jacob knew all too well that in moments of fear,Emma completely froze during her nightmares,sometimes too still to be considered alive. She'd heat up like a furnace set to full power and once had even burned through his sweater. It'd scared him at first,believing his one line of faith in the world had writhed away,but sooner than later he grew to know her stillness as terror.
And so he adjusted himself to wake up when her breathing hitched (he'd know because they were always intertwined,no doubt about it.) In the hours where her body would go rigid,he would wrap his arms tighter around her frail body and whisper soothing words of encouragement,all the while rubbing gentle circles on her bare shoulders. His arms would tremble in their embrace and send goosebumps running down her back.
Then it became a message. A gentle 'I am here,I am alive,I am real.'
They'd constantly be embracing,holding hands,any form of physical contact they could muster. Anything;as long as they were touching.
And as long as they were in contact,Jacob convinced himself that the worse of his horrors were over. She was there. They were there. And for all he cared the world could be ending the next day and he wouldn't give a single damn.

Title:Hidden Gardens.Fandom:M.P.H.F.P.C.Characters:AllWarnings:NoneRating:K (Safe)Genre: Humor
DISCLAIMER:I DO NOT OWN MPHFPC OR ANY OF THE CHARACTERS. ALL CHARACTERS BELONG TO RANSOM RIGGS.a/n: I was soo tired when I wrote this...so I apologize for any grammar or spelling mistakes!—
The sounds of laughter ricocheted from the garden's walls and back towards the house,bringing an inevitable smile upon Jacob's face. He was inside making lemonade for his friends and himself as the rest of the aforementioned gang busied themselves with the endless opportunities inside the unusually large backyard of Jacob's unusually large house.
Emma,Bronwyn,and Miss Peregrine were chatting comfortably while planting daisies in the actual garden area of the yard,a small square of dirt preserved specifically for that purpose. They were all smiling and laughing all the while wiping dirt from their foreheads and eyes,their hands hidden behind all-too-large gardening gloves.
Olive and Claire were bouncing and giggling tremendously as they had their go on the trampoline. They had been a little shy at first,believing that the contraption wouldn't be able to hold their weight. Once Jacob had finally gotten around to them,they began to comfortably bounce on the trampoline without a care in the world,their laughing so contagious that the four boys sitting on the grass grinned despite themselves.
Millard was completely consumed and utterly lost inside the newest issue of Natural Geographic magazine. He had been reading non-stop for hours now,mildly concerning his friends. Hugh was pollinating the flowers nearby,lazily calling out his bees names and telling them to get along with each other. Enoch and Horace on the other hand,were busy talking (shockingly without banter!) about things Jacob knew he'd never come to understand. But it was charming,nonetheless,seeing his friends interacting so comfortably with one another.
"Lemonade's ready!" He called as he shuffled onto the porch.
"Oh thank the birds,I was absolutely parched!" Millard ran over,magazine still in hand,and chugged down an entire glass before Jacob could even muster an answer. He chuckled to himself as they little ones started to lower themselves from the trampoline and ran over to him,reaching up on their tippy toes attempting (and failing) to reach the tray in his hands. He handed one to each.
"Thank you Jacob!" they yelled in unison as they ran giddily back towards the trampoline and plopped on the floor,making bubbles in the lemonade and laughing so hard that after a short while no sound came from the duo.
He walked gingerly towards the girls and kneeled down next to them. "Hey ladies,care for a drink?" He smiled gently as they each took off their dirt ridden gloves and reached for a glass,hands gripping hard to prevent it from slipping from the beads of water that had condensed on the sides of the glasses. He quickly planted a kiss upon Emma's forehead and raised himself to bring the rest towards the remaining of his friends.
" - and I swear it was the funniest thing I've seen up to date!" Enoch chuckled from where he sat,receiving a laugh from Horace as he finished a rather exaggerated story about how Jacob and him had been driving around when they'd hit a squirrel,scaring the living Hell out of Jacob. He rolled his eyes half-heartedly as he set down their glasses next to them.
"Very funny Enoch." he muttered as he passed by.
"I know!"
Lastly he came to Hugh,who was beginning to collect himself as he saw his friend approach him with the drinks.
"Thanks mate," he smiled as he reached for the glass. Jacob grabbed his own and settled down next to him,setting down the now empty tray on the grass. Just as he was resting his back towards the wall of the house,his eyes caught on something bright behind Hugh. With his eyes growing into saucers he realized what his friend was holding.
"Is that my - ?"
"Yes." Hugh cut him short,grinning maliciously as he carefully raised Jacob's full-soak water gun just enough so that he could see. He knew very well that the minute Hugh pulled that trigger,total war was to ensue. But before he had the chance to yell truce before it all even started,Hugh did what Jacob had been dreading he'd do. He pulled the damned trigger.
The thin line of water,almost invisible to those who weren't aware,squirted straight toward the neck of Bronwyn. And it hit it's mark bulls-eye. As stunned as she was,her quick reflexes kicked in and in that moment Jacob thanked God that he wasn't the one she was mad at.
Quick as a rabbit she flung the bucket of water next to her towards them,soaking not only Hugh,but the rest of the boys as well.
"Now you're really in for it!" Enoch yelled,a clear battle cry,and ran towards Bronwyn with what little lemonade he had left in his glass. Hugh was on his back absolutely breathless due to his loud guffaws as Millard looked at his wet magazine in shock.
Jacob hadn't noticed,but Emma had slipped away just as the first spray of water had reached it's target. Jacob could almost swear that she possessed a sixth sense along with her pyrokinesis because there was no other explanation for her to be this aware and this stealthy. She was back now,only with a handful of Jacob's spare super-soakers in her hands. They were all filled to the rim,almost bursting with the water trapped inside.
Had they planned this...? Or better yet:had she planned this?
"Come and get 'em!" She yelled,grinning with a look that was between murderous and insane. If he wasn't already high off of adrenaline,he was now. Everyone,kids and adults alike,ran for her just as she grabbed her own and ran to hide. Within minutes,the garden had turned from its natural tranquil state into a battleground upon which only the strongest got out unscathed.
They sprayed one another relentlessly. They teamed up. They betrayed their teams. They teamed up again. They ran away,yelling and squirting cool water onto one another. A true blessing underneath the stinging Florida weather. No one stopped to consider mercy. Apparently when it came to water fights all manners are forgotten,Jacob thought as he watched in awe as Miss Peregrine wildly chase after Millard with her own super-soaker.
"I SEE YOU !"
And so the afternoon carried on this same way. They played until they were completely soaked and then proceeded to lay down on the grass to dry. Slowly,sleep slipped under their guards,and they found themselves laughing and drifting gently to sleep underneath the warm Florida sun.

Title:Angels Sleep Too.Fandom:M.P.H.F.P.C.Characters:Claire,Olive,&JacobWarnings:NoneRating:K (Safe)Genre: Comfort/Family
DISCLAIMER:I DO NOT OWN MPHFPC OR ANY OF THE CHARACTERS. ALL CHARACTERS BELONG TO RANSOM RIGGS.a/n: I had so much fun writing this! I love Olive and Claire and I just had to get this out of my head. enjoy!—
It had been an exhausting day at the Portman household. Filled with the peculiar children doing chores,cleaning rooms,vacuuming kitchens,and folding clean laundry,it had surely been quite a day. It had sucked the life out of them,and slowly one by one,they each announced that they were retiring for the night as they dragged their aching feet upstairs one step at a time.
Save Olive and Claire,who had been too impatient to wait until they reached their room and had passed out from exhaustion way before work was done,cuddling in the corner of the couch in the bright living room. How they were even able to fall asleep in between all the mess had Jacob surprised,but he brushed it aside.
They were only kids after all.
After everyone had bid their tired 'goodnights,' Jacob walked quietly into the living room. The two little girls looked so peaceful and slept so softly that Jacob did not wish to disturb their slumber. He pondered for a few minutes as to how he could lift them without shaking their sleep and came to the conclusion of simply carrying them off to bed. He gently lifted Olive on his broad shoulder and scooped up Claire with his free arm. Although his upper body strength had been lacking in many ways before,all the adventures of the past month had toned the muscles in his biceps greatly. Things like that in his body seemed to happen quickly if he was in a dire enough situation. Now you could see the those said muscles budge ever so slightly under his shirt as he attempted to hold both girls without waking them up.
He trudged up the stairs slowly,his legs aching gravely from mowing the lawn and cleaning up the yard the whole day. When he reached the room he'd reserved specifically for all the girls,(save Emma) he gently let the door creak open with his foot. Bronwyn was long lost in deep slumber,understandably. She'd lifted all the furniture as Emma had vacuumed beneath them,and least to say he was thankful for her duties.
Olive stirred gently on his shoulder and he rocked her every so gently,feeling as her frail body relaxed against him once again. Jacob moved the blanket of the bed they shared and laid the girls gently on the mattress.
He studied their faces. They seemed so pure underneath the constant stream of silver moonlight that streaked the room. He stroked Claire's hair,wondering how they had even survived everything that had happened. He had a sudden sharp feeling,a surge of pride,to call them his friends. With a soft kiss upon their heads,he pulled the covers up to their chin,and tiptoed quietly out of the room.
"Goodnight," he whispered to nobody. The words got lost in the air as a smiled gently. This was his life. And he was forever grateful.

Title:Loudest of them All.Fandom:M.P.H.F.P.C.Characters:AllWarnings:NoneRating:K (Safe)Genre: Humor/Family
DISCLAIMER:I DO NOT OWN MPHFPC OR ANY OF THE CHARACTERS. ALL CHARACTERS BELONG TO RANSOM RIGGS.a/n: my kids just need a damned freaking break,you know?
UPDATED VERSION (JULY 25th,2016) + ADDED SCENES—
Hugh and Jacob were just finishing up with repairing the TV (he was the only one who wasn't busy in their own world,and to Jacob's surprise,agreed to help almost instantaneously) when Jacob's alarm went off. He quickly spared a glance towards his iPhone's screen. The screen read 'Pick up Ms.P!' and he jolted from his seat in a panicked frenzy. How could he possibly have forgotten?!
She had had an ymbryne meeting down near the coastline with some other ymbrynes and he was scheduled to pick her up nearly twenty minutes ago.
In his hurry he had barely noticed Hugh bob his head back and forth gently at the ringing sound until he chipped happily
"What a nice tune!"
Suddenly,a terrible thought occurred to him. A horrible,terrible thought.
How had he not shared the beautiful world of modern music with them?
Pushing the thought aside quickly he grabbed his keys and yelled a jumbled "GOTTA-BLAST-FORGOT-MISS-P-CLOSE-DOOR-BEHIND-ME-THANKS!" and flew into his mother's Mercedes.
As he pulled up near their destination he saw Miss Peregrine chatting eloquently with an kindly looking elder,(presumably another ymbryne) and he exited the car to open the passenger door for her. No matter how many times she told him not to,he couldn't help but feel obligated to escort her in any possible way or form. She'd done so much for him,and providing him his eternal happiness was just the tip of the iceberg. He felt it only right that he tried to make it up to her in any way he can.
"I'm so sorry Miss P,I was helping Hugh with the TV and totally lost track of time," he apologized sheepishly,making his way towards her with an outreached hand.
"Oh Jacob! No problem,the meeting just let out anyway,you aren't late." her gentle smile was so warm and grateful,he felt the need to give her a hug. As he escorted her towards his car he missed the elderly woman smile towards them and whisper to his ward,
"You're a very lucky ymbryne."
Miss Peregrine hopped into the passenger seat,struggling to put the seat-belt in and fumbling with closing the door hard enough. They were still all new to the whole car and transportation thing,but that was ok. He fixed her up and closed the door gently behind her.
Once they were on the road,he remembered Hugh's interest towards his alarm ringer. With an idea and a mischievous grin,he flipped on the car's radio. It blared to life,scaring the living daylights out of his headmistress and sending a feat of loud guffaws coursing through him. She turned to him,and incredulous look plastered upon her face,utterly confused as to what was happening. For a second he did a backtrack.
They did have radios in the 1940's,right? Probably. But did they have any on that God forsaken island that they were stuck on? Probably not.
So he changed the station from punk rock and r&b to 102.7,the motherland of all modern pop music. The whole ride back Miss Peregrine was so focused on the music that she'd barely said a word,just bobbing her head gently at the melodies spilling from his car radio,giving nearly the same reaction Hugh had. Once they returned home,she stopped his hand from turning the car off.
"Just until the end of this magnificent tune," she told him,too embarrassed to meet his eyes. He did mental backflips. She'd liked it! He could only imagine how the rest of the peculiars would like it and it filled him with a childish sort of giddiness. He was excited beyond belief for what he was planning to do once they reached their house.
Once that particular song had come to it's sorrowful end,Jacob killed the cars ignition and hopped out and rushed around the front of the car to help his beloved headmistress out. "Watch your step!" he winced as she avoided a possible twisted ankle over the sewer lid that was crooked right under their feet.
They entered the house and Jacob noticed one thing immediately. They all seemed bored out of their minds. Emma lazily rolled a small ball of fire in her palm. Bronwyn was feeding Claire's back mouth and Olivia was lazily floating around in the air. Enoch and Hugh were busying themselves with a miniature war;Enoch's brought-to-life lego men against Hugh's armada of killer bees. Horace and Millard,never seeming to be bored,were drowning themselves in books and magazines.
It was the perfect chance to bring some entertainment into the room. Without a word,he stalked over to the TV,and played around with it's settings for a bit before opening Just Dance 2 from his library. He slid the disk into the console system and grinned as the start up music already grabbed half of their attention.
"Jacob what're you doing...?"
The peculiars tried to glance from Jacob's side to see where that marvelous sound was coming from (It was Lady Gaga,and although this was one of her better works,Jacob still didn't like her too much so he changed it the first chance he got.) Everyone was slowly inching towards the TV in wonder. Good. This is the reaction he wanted. Than he turned around abruptly and with a huge grin exclaimed,
"Now! Who's ready to dance?"
No one but Claire and Olive answered,throwing their hands up and trying to reach up to the Wii controller tied around his wrist. He unfastened it and gave it to Claire,before taking out nearly the thirty others he had (he was a colored controller collector,if you must know.) Hesitantly,everyone grabbed a controller of their own.
"What are these for? And why do you have 40 remotes for your TV?" Enoch questioned sarcastically.
"One:they're not remotes,they're controllers. And two,these are for the ultimate boredom relieving experience," the kids looked amongst one another confusedly "Now,watch and see how your boredom melts away with ease!" he announced with nearly the same intensity as the booming voice of a carnival advertiser. Because only Jacob's controller was activated,he scrolled through the options,receiving a variety of oohs and aahs from the crowd behind him. Miss Peregrine had joined them after her quick shower and was already fastened and ready to roll.
It sometimes amazed him how they were always so ready to become part of this time period.
As he scrolled through all the different dances,they all agreed on the easiest to begin with. As the Ghostbusters music kicked in,Jacob bounced into position. If you were to ask him,he'd reply saying this was his favorite one.
He helped his friends get into their own spots,opening four of the controllers and leaving the rest since they were way more than merely four people. The dance started,with the little kids running around laughing as Enoch pretended to be the Glob Monster.
Although he'd never admit it,Enoch was actually enjoying himself.
Before they knew it they were running around and going crazy,doing the dances even more exaggerated than the actual moves were,and making one another laugh until they were sure they were forming abdominal muscles. It was a day put to good use,and Jacob was proud of being the one to show them such happiness and joy when all he thought he brought them was bad luck and pain thus far.
It was simply a relief.

Title:Flustered Glances.Fandom:M.P.H.F.P.C.Characters:Jacob &EmmaWarnings:Slight trauma mentionRating:K+ (bc of the aforementioned)Genre: Humor
DISCLAIMER:I DO NOT OWN MPHFPC OR ANY OF THE CHARACTERS. ALL CHARACTERS BELONG TO RANSOM RIGGS.a/n: they would be so awkward in this situation and that is precisely why I wanted to write it (maybe I also wanted to write about how I imagine Jacob's body,idk really bc both reasons are invalid at this point)—
After a steaming hot day of work in the gardens,Jacob felt as if his tank-top would melt straight into his skin. The icky feeling drove him immediately towards the showers,his body begging to be put under cool water,his legs basically gravitating towards the bathroom.
An hour and three shampoo rounds under the freezing water later,he once again felt like he only had one layer of skin. When he got out he realized with one tired glance that he'd forgotten his clothes in his room. Mumbling a heavy string of curses underneath his breath he wrapped his towel tightly around his waist. Opening the door to the bathroom ever so slightly,he peaked out to make sure no one would see his half naked self sprint pathetically towards his far destination.
The quiet sound of Saturday morning cartoons floated upstairs and he heaved a relived sigh,realizing they were all downstairs watching TV. Looking out once more for reassurance,he made a straight bee line towards his room (no pun intended,sorry Hugh). He closed the door and grinned in accomplishment,readjusting the towel around his waist,just to turn around and see Emma's beet red face.
She'd been laying down on his bed with a book in her hands (Peter Pan,it seemed) when he'd entered in his humiliating form. He mentally face palmed. There was an awkward moment of silence as they stared at one another,at a loss for words.
The words don't look don't look echoed and ricocheted through Emma's head as she tried (and ultimately failed) to tear her eyes away from his scarred and mildly (very slightly) toned torso. He seemed to be going very red too,caught red-handed committing a crime that wasn't even a crime. In all honesty,he didn't understand why he was getting so flustered,it wasn't like they'd never dressed in the presence of one another. Oh wait,in neither of the cases had they seen the other with such little article of clothing. Right. That's why.
Emma was the first to speak.
"I'll,I - I'll just be back here then," She stumbled over her words,pointing towards the door as she tried to find function her legs. "A - as you get dressed"
He must've been at a real loss of words because when he gave no reply,she laughed nervously and shuffled out of the room,closing the door gently behind her. Once outside,she let out the shaky breath she hadn't realized she was holding,and tried with every fiber of her being to erase the image of his gorgeous body that was drilled into her skull.
His was generally lean and lightly toned. But that didn't excuse the fact that the mild muscle in his arms bulged as he grabbed on to his towel,or how his calves have been becoming more and more built as he worked in the garden with Miss Peregrine,or as he played soccer with the other boys. Then her mind trailed to possibly the most heartbreaking yet beautiful of all;his scar-littered abdomen. Although he didn't have deep caved abs like all the wannabe men now-a-days do,she had seen a slight image of them as the light cast shadows over his torso. For someone who was so lanky when they met a few months ago,he was building up surprisingly quickly.
But what broke her heart in the end was the endless amount of white scars that crossed his body like a tic-tac-toe board. X marks the spot,as they say. The hollowgast bite was no more than a few crescent shaped scars lined in a semi-circle,but nonetheless it reminded her of days she still struggles to remove from her memory.
She struggled to put his image out of her mind and with a shudder trudged downstairs,hoping,praying,that someday she'll be able to heal his scars completely. By the time she reached the bottom of the stairs though,she was so dazed that she missed how everyone was staring directly at her. When she gave no sign of noticing them,Millard called out from the couch in a stifle of giggles. "Emma,you look like you've seen a ghost! What could you possibly have witnessed?"
When she went a bright shade of crimson,they all erupted in laughter,the gang exchanging knowing glances between themselves and guffawed even harder when Emma's blush deepened. Miss Peregrine seemed at a complete loss of words as she covered her mouth,possibly going redder than Emma herself.
"Never mind,don't answer that question," Enoch replied from the floor,wheezing to catch his breath,winking knowingly at her.
"You lot are intolerable," Emma muttered under her breath as she rolled her eyes and stalked away from them,steam rolling off of her clenched fists as she did so.

Title:Grocery Expeditions.Fandom:M.P.H.F.P.C.Characters:Jacob &HughWarnings:NoneRating:K (Safe)Genre: Humor(ish)
DISCLAIMER:I DO NOT OWN MPHFPC OR ANY OF THE CHARACTERS. ALL CHARACTERS BELONG TO RANSOM RIGGS.a/n: I hate grocery shopping sometimes...this is to represent my hatred. Also because I love them,but bc gROCERIES
UPDATED VERSION (JULY 25th,2016) + ADDED SCENES—
It was a boring golden afternoon in dire need of the power of food. But how could food be made with literally zero groceries?
Jacob sighed heavily and groaned. The last thing he wanted to do was grocery shopping. But who said he had to suffer alone?
"Hey," Jacob said,trailing his voice slightly as he walked over to his friend,who was playing video games in the living room along with the rest of the gang. "Can I ask a favor of you Hugh?"
Startled by the sudden intrusion on their gaming ritual,Hugh stole a quick glance at Jacob to identify the face that belonged to the voice he'd just heard. "Yeah mate?"
Jacob rubbed the back of his head sheepishly,nervous to ask his friend of this small favor. "Could you possibly help me with the groceries?" He asked,dragging the end of the sentence so only Hugh could catch what he said last. To his surprise,Hugh set down the controller almost immediately and logged off.
"Sure," he shrugged,as if it was just a stroll in the park. Jacob lit up with relief. "I wouldn't mind going out for a bit,it was getting stuffy in here anyway,"
"Oh thank God,I thought I had to carry everything in by myself by the end of it. Come! The store isn't far away,and with my mom's car we'll be there in no time." They half-walked half-jogged out of the house and ran to the curb to Jacob's mother's car. Maybe they wouldn't suffer all that much after all...
It took a while for them to be all situated and ready. Hugh,never having been in a car before other than that of the wights back in London,naturally hadn't known how to operate the seat-belt. But once they were all settled in,Jacob switched the car to drive and roared the engine to life with the single turn of a key. Hugh was startled to say the least by the sudden sound of the radio blaring on,and was utterly confused about what had just happened and what was going to.
"How you guys get around in this thing is beyond me," he shook his head disapprovingly,and Jacob fought the urge to burst out in laughter. He loved all of his peculiar friends dearly,and observing their confusion in the 21st century was one of the most entertaining things to do.
"You get used to it," he replied instead,and they were on their way.
Just as he'd promised,the ride to the grocery store was merely a minutes drive away. They walked into the intensely cooled supermarket and begin in search of a cart. Upon finding one,Hugh and Jacob set out to find all the ingredients that they'd need for tonight's dinner.
What was tonight's dinner again...?
Panicked,Jacob ruffled through his sweatpants,looking for the grocery list Miss Peregrine had composed for them.
Hugh,sensing his distress,put a hand on his shoulder. "What's wrong mate?"
Jacob looked up and chuckled nervously. "You're gonna laugh at this..."—
Yea,no. They were definitely suffering. This is precisely the reason why Jacob never went out for responsible things like this. How the hell could he have possibly forgotten the GOD FORSAKEN GROCERY LIST?
Having nothing else to do,and not wanting to go back home,Hugh brought up the idea of ringing up someone at home to ask them for the list. After nearly half an hour,they finally had the list. Spaghetti,tomato paste,salt,eggs,water. Spaghetti,tomato paste,salt,eggs,water...they repeated the list ten or so times to make sure they had it completely memorized. Spaghetti,tomato paste,salt,eggs,water. How hard could it be?
In order to finish the deed as quickly as could be done,the duo agreed to split up and meet back at the meat aisle (this time,pun most definitely intended.) Within no time,they met with their half of the grocery list collected and walked towards the emptiest cashier. After an excruciatingly long wait there (in which the cashier was slow especially because they saw how in a hurry they were,pissing off both of the boys in a great manner),they were once again on the road and set way for home.
Carrying the groceries home was where your manliness was put to test. Both Hugh and Jacob grabbed as many bags as they could,ringing them up on their arms like bracelets,too caught up trying not to hurt their pride. When they glanced at one another,they burst out in a surprise fit of laughter as they made a race towards the house,tripping over their feet and nearly breaking the their ankles along the way.
"You boys are back so quickly?" Coming out of the kitchen,Emma looked over their laughing selves and grabbed the bags,single handedly carrying them all to the table to bring out the ingredients for their dinner. "Ok,spaghetti,tomato paste,salt,water...eggs...? Where's the eggs?"
Hugh and Jacob whipped their heads to face one another,fear and horror stricken upon both their features.
"Did you nutjobs forget the eggs?"
Just as they were about to go into a fit of giggles,Emma shot them a glare.
"Yea...we forgot the eggs."

Title:String Lessons.Fandom:M.P.H.F.P.C.Characters:Enoch O'ConnorWarnings:NoneRating:K (Safe)Genre: Chill (is that even a genre...?)
DISCLAIMER:I DO NOT OWN MPHFPC OR ANY OF THE CHARACTERS. ALL CHARACTERS BELONG TO RANSOM RIGGS.a/n: HE IS SO UNDERRATED (but he pisses me off sometimes too,but that's ok,because he is,after all,another one of my children)—
He found it quite simple to do really. It was kind of like the gut feelings Jacob always talks about with the hollowgasts. How he somehow knows how to talk to them,how it just comes out from inside him. He felt the same way towards this flimsy instrument,this 6-stringed contraption that he'd taken a deep liking to recently.
He had found it in the garage,dirty and abandoned. At first Enoch hadn't been looking for a hobby,but inevitably that was to follow soon after,whether he liked it or not.
The sounds it created with one flick of his wrist sent a rhythm of tranquility throughout the realist,one that he hadn't been feeling for a long time now.
Finally for once,he felt like he was on the right terms with time.
At first he'd taken care of it like baby,holding and cleaning the guitar while resting on the bean bag chair in the corner of the living room. He'd lazily let his fingers stroll through the loose string set and listened to the broken tune it sent flying through the golden afternoon. Sighing heavily,he tuned the guitars stings and tightened them to a setting they haven't been set to in a long time.
Slowly he brought this gift,and in a sense,the guitar to life. (Figuratively of course,even though Enoch could literally do it if he wanted,for that was his peculiarity) His little clay henchmen had been replaced with tiny lego people whom he sent into the guitar,instructing them to clean the inside as best as they could. And they did so,providing only the humblest service to their leader.
Slowly without Enoch even realizing it,his attachment towards the object became a conversation of interest amongst his peculiar friends. All of them would glance in his direction every once in a while as he strummed and hummed gently to himself,lost his in own world,too captivated by the art that was this instrument to take any notice of his staring friends. They were beyond excited for him and told him so too,some with encouraging claps on the back and others,like Jacob,with a book of notes and songs.
"I thought you might want to take a look," he'd said gently,leaving the book on Enoch's lap. "I never used it,and I'm pretty sure you'd be a much better caretaker,seeing as you can actually play the damn thing," The latter was surprised and too stunned to speak,only able to mutter a small 'thank you' and smile despite himself.
Soon his small strums and strokes evolved into melodies,and slowly Enoch became too entrapped by the beauty of it all that he set out in memorizing every song there was to be learned in the book without a care for the level of intensity. Miss Peregrine would see him sometimes,hunched over the book and taking notes,changing some lines of the musical notes and testing them gently on the guitar.
The headmistress would only smile and set down his tea next to him. He wouldn't even take notice. Throughout the hours that stretched to days and the days that stretched to weeks,he'd become less negative,less pessimistic,and this was more than appreciated by his many friends dwelling in the Portman household.
"Looks like the old lad just needed a hobby is all," Millard had once muttered wonderingly to Bronwyn,sending her into a fit of stifled giggles of agreement.
In the few small weeks he'd actually had the guitar,he'd mastered it better than Jacob had seen any normal human be able to. Than again,his friends weren't exactly you're normal cup of tea. They were peculiar,and doing peculiar things like this was only their forte.
Before he knew it,Enoch would have a small crowd around his feet as he played,(mostly the little one's) that watched his every move with awe and admiration. The house was soon filled with his gentle melodies healing their souls faster than any 21st century medicine can.
He never assumed he'd love something so intensely after the crazy few weeks that he's endured,but he could feel himself heal a tiny bit more with every stroke,and maybe that was why he never stopped.
He couldn't know for sure why,but this bloody guitar was turning him into a more patient,kind,and optimistic person. Yet no matter how much the changed bothered him,he didn't exactly think it was a bad thing.

Title:Polaroids.Fandom:M.P.H.F.P.C.Characters:Jacob &EmmaWarnings:Negative self thoughtsRating:T (^ bc of the aforementioned)Genre: Humor/Romance
DISCLAIMER:I DO NOT OWN MPHFPC OR ANY OF THE CHARACTERS. ALL CHARACTERS BELONG TO RANSOM RIGGS.a/n: poor Miss Peregrine...someone get her some water or something—
After a long while of thinking and decision making with Miss Peregrine,Jacob found it only right that he buy Emma a polaroid camera for her preferred birthday (the miraculous day that Miss Peregrine untied the ropes that bound Emma and led her away from her captors on that horrible day in the circus.) It's not like he didn't have the money,and it wasn't like it costed a million dollars.
Than so it was settled,and the polaroid machine bought. Days passed,and soon enough it arrived on their doorstep,Jacob perking up the minute the doorbell rang.
"I wonder who that is," Emma wondered,making her way towards the door. Jacob,realizing what was about to go down,ran up and twirled her around to face him before kissing her. Caught completely off guard,she stood dazed for a few seconds trying to comprehend what had just happened,and that gave Jacob just enough time to sign the given papers,grab the box,and hide it.
After recovering,she walked over hastily. "So,who was it?" she asked breathlessly.
"Oh," Jacob panicked,looking for a liable excuse. "Wrong house."—
He didn't plan on making a scene out of it,in respect of Emma. Instead,he wished to give it to her in his room (well,their room) that very night. He trembled with excitement all throughout dinner and their evening board game. He was mentally bouncing with every fiber of his being,and just even imaging the way she'd smile almost gave him cardiac arrest.
Soon night bloomed over the household and his friends exchanged their final words for the evening and retired to their beds. Seeing his chance,Jacob looped his fingers through hers,and reeled her in for a quick nose kiss. She seemed pleasantly shocked,to say the least. Thats twice today.
"What was that for?"
"Because I love you." The words came so easily now,compared to the ones he had to force out of back of his throat in Miss Wren's frozen castle. He'd almost chocked on the words then. Now they came as clear as day.
Emma went slightly red in the face as she tucked a loose strand of hair behind her ear,smiling despite herself. She bit her lip ever so slightly,knowing that it'll catch his eye. And it did. He felt a lump rise in his throat as his mind screamed things he didn't want to think about right now. With a final flustered cough he drilled those thoughts away with all the force and fight he had left in him. She must've seen his split-second mental confusion because next thing he knew,she cupped his face with her warm,soft,hands and gently kissed his nose in return.
"I love you too."
He was struck with a sudden urge to kiss her,but he had a mission to complete. So he looked into her eyes with a glint of light she hadn't noticed before and whispered,
"Follow me."
They walked up the spiral staircase gingerly,holding hands,content with simply being next to one another. Her mere presence made it hard for him to concentrate and he wondered how he was ever going to finish this night without his brain going completely haywire. He was afraid he'd start short circuiting soon.
Making a sharp right,they entered his room. Upon entering,he awkwardly sat down on his queen sized mattress (big enough to share with his own queen) and motioned for her to sit next to him. Once they were situated,he knelt down on the floor in front of her and pulled out the small box from under the frame of his bed.
She slowly raised a hand to her mouth,not quite sure what to say. He had expected something romantic to come out,but instead she giggled and said,"This is what was at the door today,wasn't it?"
Of course she'd picked it up. She's too smart to fool.
Laughing despite himself,he hushed her with his index finger. "Happy birthday,Em. I thought that,since you enjoy taking pictures on my phone so much,you'd enjoy to have a camera of your own," Jacob trailed off nervously,holding the box out to her.
When the realization of what he'd gotten for her hit,her smile suddenly dropped. The flickering fairy lights in his room caught on her eyes and he could see tears forming in those beautiful orbs. She reached out with shaking hands to hold the box;it wasn't very big,tied with a pastel pink bow and the words POLAROID engraved on the side in the color. She ran her slender fingers over the engraving.
It was a while before she actually opened the box. Jacob watched the whole event mesmerized by her gentle nature towards the gift. Then suddenly she spoke up,avoiding his eyes.
"Jacob,I - I can't accept this." His eyes went wide with surprise.
"W-why not?"
"I don't deserve this. I don't deserve you." She trailed off,beginning to wipe away at her tears with irritation,as if upset at the pain for shining through the cracks. "I'm really not worth the trouble."
Is that how she thinks of herself? Jacob wondered,absolutely flabbergasted by her words. He tried silently to catch her eye,and when it failed,rose from his position on the ground and embraced her in a tight hung. They lowered themselves to the bed.
"You deserve this." he whispered,not caring for the volume of his voice but still speaking low enough to respect the rest of his friend who were most likely sleeping anyway. Little did he know that they were all piled up at the other side of his door with a glass pressed on the wall,pajama clad,each straining their ears and silently encouraging their friends young love.
"C'mon you love logs,have at it already!" whispered Horace angrily at the wall. As if to answer them,they heard Jacob whisper once more;
"You deserve the world,Em. You have no idea how much you mean to all of us. Them." he took a pause,intertwining their fingers. "Me." Jacob kissed her forehead gently,but Emma still didn't look convinced. It wasn't until they lost themselves in each other that Emma found the intensity of which he loved her. An intensity that scared her,but fluttered her heart nonetheless.
Just as things were getting good for the crowd silently around them,Miss Peregrine opened her door to see all of her wards leaning against one specific door. Through her horror she brought up the courage to glance at the name tags on the door. It read 'Emma &Jacob' with a flimsy heart drawn next to it. Of course,the ymbryne thought. Of course it's them.
The kids squealed at the sight of their headmistress and struggled to make a direct bee line for their rooms,not willing to stay for the afterparty.
Inside the room,Emma pulled Jacob's face from her neck and whispered,"Did you hear that...?"
They went silent for a while,listening and listening to no avail. In frustration and confusion,Jacob flung open the door and that had been his fatal mistake.
Miss Peregrine saw his teased hair and disheveled shirt and looked like she was at the very verge of passing out. The boys let out whoops as Bronwyn covered Olive and Claire's eyes with a surprised yelp. Jacob shook his head with horror,already denying any accusation of what truly had happened inside of the room.
"Miss Peregrine,I swear -"
Upon hearing Jacob speak,Emma's curiosity took the best of her and she peaked her head slightly through.
One look at her,and their headmistress's eyes rolled back and she actually passed out,muttering something about formality and protection as she did so. The kids exchanged guilty glances amongst themselves.
"Whoops," Jacob muttered,staring apologetically at their ward's body on the floor.
"Do you think she'd believe us if we told her it was just a friendly round of Twister...?"

Title:The Boxing Bag.Fandom:M.P.H.F.P.C.Character(s):Bronwyn BruntleyWarnings:NoneRating:K+ (Safe)Genre: Chill (idek man)
DISCLAIMER:I DO NOT OWN MPHFPC OR ANY OF THE CHARACTERS. ALL CHARACTERS BELONG TO RANSOM RIGGS.a/n: sorry this is so short!—
Just like Enoch,who had developed a spiritual connection to playing a musical instrument,Bronwyn found herself day after day in the Portman household's small gym room. There definitely wasn't much inside of the plain room other than a rusted press bench,a creaky treadmill,and a boxing bag barely hanging by it's thread. So then why was she constantly gravitated towards there?
Maybe it was the idea of hitting the boxing bag,which had intrigued her tremendously at first. She could hit it…? So many questions had arose and so many things just drew her towards that room afterwards that she wondered why she even bothered to do anything else but this.
Her strength was far more than what the bag could handle,she knew that. But the freedom of throwing punches,even if light ones,towards something that wouldn't attempt to strangle her back (she felt like this about Enoch at certain times) was a relief and a gift all in itself. She reveled in the way it was so easy but so hard all at once;attempting to hit it as hard as she could without sending it flying through the walls of the small four-cornered room had become a sort of game for her.
I must look strong for the younglings. She was their mother figure,and she was a general sign of strength in the small group of peculiars that she called her family. She knew this,and while she was honored,she had her doubts. How could she,just a broken girl,keep them all up? Protect them all? Save them?
But in this room,in front of this ridiculous red bag,her doubts completely diminished. She tied her hair upwards and wore the most comfortable article of clothing that Jacob had bought for them and bounced around the contraption. She forced her anger (although she rarely had any) and her doubts to pour out of her and into this flow of actions,a dance only those who understood the art can master.
Her lean but muscular body didn't flinch underneath the weight of the bag when she punched it a little harder than she should've. She just gently brought it to a stop and pumped up the music louder on the stereo. She tried harder. She sat down and rested. She tried even harder. She stopped to catch her breath. Her bodily movements of assault upon the boxing bag created a beautiful scene of graceful flowing limbs,mesmerizing those who were lucky enough to find her there when she was working. (Millard usually did,but if you ask him,he'll reply with a definite no. But he watches her from afar,awestruck and wondering how someone so incredibly strong can be so incredibly gentle. It's something he knows he will never understand,but appreciates with it and appreciates her with the greatest and utmost intensity.)
She proved both to herself and those around her that having a little fight in you and a little strength didn't mean complete masculinity,and that merely because she was stronger than all of them and probably more muscular,didn't make her any less of a lady than the rest of the girls. No one disagreed,because she was a lady and she was their strongest,and they acknowledged the clear fact that she was gorgeous and one of the most patient and kindest peculiar amongst them.
Jacob had been kind enough to lend her to use the room to her expense and will,giving her towels and bringing bottles of water when he passed by the room. He had even once helped spot her when she was bench pressing,although he was almost 100% certain that she didn't need it. Maybe she'd asked it of him because she assumed he'd understand. And he did. She was so thankful for him,and so thankful that he was there,and that they were all there,and that they were all alive.
To thank them properly,she set out to promise to protect them as best as she could.
And protect them she did.

Title:Oil Spill.Fandom:M.P.H.F.P.C.Characters:Jacob &Hugh &EnochWarnings:NoneRating:K (Safe)Genre: Humor
DISCLAIMER:I DO NOT OWN MPHFPC OR ANY OF THE CHARACTERS. ALL CHARACTERS BELONG TO RANSOM RIGGS.a/n: mY BOIS BONDING YAS—
Jacob had absolutely no clue as to how he'd become the lead mechanic in the household,but it happened somehow,and now he found himself running from room to room fixing things in places he couldn't even fathom having mechanical problems.
He was quietly sitting on the couch of his brightly lit living room when he'd heard it. The scorching Florida heat had surely set something off inside the engine of his mother's car outside,proving it's existence with a loud bang and hiss. Jacob,having heard the sound as clear as daylight,rolled his eyes at the unfortunate event in utter exhaustion. Of course something had gone wrong. His dad had given him strict orders to keep his van inside of the garage so this specific thing didn't happen. But then he his mother's poor Mercedes suffered the heat wave outside,and really,it was just a lose-lose either way.
He paused for a moment,wiping sweat from his eyes as a pounding headache rocked his skull. He was in no mood to deal with the car and hoped that whatever happened wasn't too big of a damage. But when he spared a glance towards the driveway,all hope was diminished as he saw dark smoke curling from the inside of the engine of the car. Couldn't a man just rest?
Soon enough Jacob found himself leaning inside of the old car,attempting to figure out what exactly had gone wrong. The hood of the front was held up by the flimsy piece of metal he had found lying around and he swore to God above that if it malfunctioned and the hood fell on his bare back he'd let out string of curses so loud that the kids inside would wonder what happened.—
In Jacob's defense,he'd actually planned on keeping his shirt on. But as the weather showed signs of only growing hotter he had no choice but to remove it before it became one with him and morphed into a disgusting layer of second-skin. So really,it had been an action taken out of almost severe necessity.
But the look that Emma shot him from inside the house didn't seem to be a look that understood his situation. Just has he was about to shoot her an annoyed glare,a voice perked up from behind him.
"Hey mate," Hugh greeted,walking up to the curb with his hands in his shorts. Behind him strolled Enoch,clad in a sweater and jeans,covering his eyes from the sunlight. Jacob wondered how the hell he was able to breath in such think clothing,but put the thought to immediate pause when another puff of smoke burst from the pipe under his hand and directly blew into his face.
"AH SHI-!" Jacob yelped as he flung himself back,hacking his lungs out as the dust cleared away. When he removed his arms from his face,the two boys saw his hair sticking upright and soot covering all the visible areas of his face. They stifled a laugh as Jacob attempted as best as he could to wipe the soot,ash,and sweat using the shirt that hung loosely around his shoulders.
"At this rate,you'll never save the car and it'll be better off as trash," Enoch chuckled,kicking one of the stray nails that flung out of the car during it's invasive attack on Jacob's face. "You've done a terrible job so far,if you must know."
"Gee,thanks for the motivation," he muttered,half-heartedly rolling his eyes at his friends pessimism. He had grown used to it by now,but in no way did that mean he appreciated it in times like this. Honestly,did he ever get a break?
"Do you need help?"
Jacob lifted his head from inside the car and looked at Hugh with an astonished look of thankfulness. "I mean,I don't know how this whole car thing works,but Enoch and I can bring tools or water or anything else you may need," he said trailing off. Henry the bee buzzed lazily around on his head.
"That would be awesome," Jacob grinned,forgetting momentarily the ashes covering his face,and immediately fell into a coughing fit. Hugh exchanged a look with Enoch,who glanced at Jacob and a moment later stated with simplest declaration,
"We'll start with the water then," and ventured off to fetch him a bottle (or a gallon would have been a much better choice) of water.—
Quite a few hours passed by and Jacob found himself enjoying the company of his friends. An unusual assortment for an unusual task. Then again,they were the peculiar children. Nothing was ever just usual in their life.
While attempting to figure out the problem,Jacob taught them how to add the freezing water for the window cleaners,how to clean the grudge and soot from the unclean parts of the engine,and how to oil the rusty ones. They were surprisingly interested,and insisted on staying until the job was done,(even Enoch!) refusing to leave him alone. Their reasoning was simply,'I don't want to come back to a hacking shriveled body on the floor.'
As they laughed and attempted to fix the car that they all knew would only last a few more months at best,Miss Peregrine watched them from the window of the house,smiling gently.

Title:Longer Roads Still Ahead.Fandom:M.P.H.F.P.C.Characters:All CharactersWarnings:NoneRating:K+ (Safe)Genre: Humor/Family
DISCLAIMER:I DO NOT OWN MPHFPC OR ANY OF THE CHARACTERS. ALL CHARACTERS BELONG TO RANSOM RIGGS.a/n: this idea intrigued me so much I just HAD to write it down. enjoy!—
It took a while to convince them,but in the end with some pouty lips and desperate voices he was finally able to convince his parents to allow him to rent a caravan for a weekend getaway with his peculiar friends.
His parents were still confused with the whole ordeal,but decided to take a very long awaited (and needed) trip to Europe. Naturally,the had to leave them to their own devices for a 'few' months time while they were away (not that Jacob minded really). They had left him a good amount of cash before departing (under the care of his headmistress,for Miss Peregrine and his mother had become a close friend of sorts during their stay) but it wasn't in any way good enough to rent a caravan. Especially one fit to carry and house ten people.
But in the end they came around and deposited more money on to his temporary debit card,and in that moment Jacob could've sworn that he'd never been happier. Immediately running into the living room he told his friends the update of events and a loud whoop echoed all throughout the house.
"We could definitely use a few days off," Miss Peregrine said,looking around sheepishly.—
The next day,Jacob and Emma went out to the nearest car dealer to find the one best suited for their rambunctious selves. Jacob didn't trust his friends or himself enough to pick out a small vehicle,knowing their boisterous behavior can cause small spaces to become smaller in their wake. Not that it was a bad thing really,just that they were extremely unpredictable. The duo did however find a few suitable ones,but none that was their exact cup of tea. With a few kind words to their tour guide,they made their way to their car.
"I know another place we can go," Jacob said,lacing one hand with Emma's and placing the other on the wheel. Then with a push on the gas pedal and they were gone in a cloud of dust.
The second place they visited had a much better variety to choose from. They picked a few that was within their budget and inspected the interiors of the caravans. In the end,they laid eyes on the most perfect of them all,and that was the second time that week that Jacob almost wept from happiness.
The exchange was clean and quick. The person dealing them the car didn't give them so much as a second glance,and Jacob thanked God above that he looked older then he really was (which was the flimsy number of 17.) They even offered a place for his mother's Mercedes to stay until they returned from their trip. And so Emma and Jacob claimed the enormous caravan and made their way home.
Once they reached home,they saw that Miss Peregrine and the rest of the peculiars were already waiting on the lawn in excitement of witnessing the vehicle that they'd chosen. They let out a sudden yelp of excitement and happiness and even Enoch nodded his head in approval as they moved into the Portman's driveway. When they opened the doors,Horace was the first to rush in.
"I must check the sleeping quarters. That is,if I'm permitted to do so…?" He looked at Jacob and Emma expectantly and they smiled,yelling their encouragement for him to go do whatever he wished.
"Everyone go pack your bags if you haven't already!" Jacob yelled from the wheel grinning. Then he hopped down and helped load the back with the bags that had already been packed beforehand. Considering they were going on this trip for merely three or so days,the peculiars had packed accordingly.
By seven in the evening,as the sun dove deeper into the few clouds that littered the sky,they were already on their way.
The inside of the caravan could only be explained with the word luxurious. How Jacob had been able to afford it was beyond everyone,but rather than questioning it,they enjoyed themselves while they could. They had a long road ahead of them,but none of them were complaining.—
Seven hours. They'd been driving for seven,almost consecutive,excruciating hours. Well,the excruciating part only applied for the only one amongst them who could actually drive;which was Jacob.
He stopped the caravan a few times in the empty valleys to use the bathroom,or to have a quick meal,or to simply sit in the back with the rest of the gang and just talk of sweet nothings. They were nearing their destination,the GPS showing that there was barely four hours remaining,but by then Jacob was sure that he'd be off of running juice and most likely pass out as soon as they had their tents up.
The scenery had been gorgeous though. The mountains and the valleys seemed to glow with their vibrant colors,very different from what Jacob remembered from his childhood camping trips. It was a blessing and an amazing plus to keep him up and going when he was sure he'd pass out from exhaustion.
And then there was Emma. She'd chosen to sit in the passenger seat beside him to keep him company and oh how his heart melted at the mere gesture! A canary colored sunhat sat on her head and an extravagant looking pair of sunglasses shielded her from the sunlight. She looked beautiful,much more than the mountains and rivers and miles of empty road stretching ahead of them. How had he gotten so lucky?—
Finally,finally,they reached their campsite. It was one that Grandpa Portman and him had gone to many,many times before back when he was younger;he knew the whole campsite like the back of his hand,the map of the area forever engraved in his mind. He walked outside,breathed in the fresh air and immediately felt like his legs would give away. Bracing himself against the side of the caravan,he spotted a small lever with the word CANOPY engraved on it. Curious as to what it might be,he pulled it,and to his surprise the side door of the caravan opened up to create a small canopy in which they could set their food and seats under.
Horace and Millard had already opened the trunk and were removing the tent supplies when Claire let out a small shriek of happiness. A small raccoon came crawling in wonder towards us,hesitant but still very much curious. Just as she was about to stroke the animals red fur,Bronwyn let out worriedly yelled,
"Claire stop! We don't know if it's safe or not!" Claire,who looked like she was at the verge tears,seemed to forget about the raccoon as soon as her eyes trailed towards the open sky.
"There's so many!" she gaped at the stars. Jacob felt a twang of pain. This girl,who cannot be more than seven years old biologically,had never felt the sanctuary of the stars.
"I brought my telescope," Jacob said,kneeling down next to her. "Would you like to see them closer?" Her eyes lit up brighter than half the stars up in the havens as she furiously nodded her head.
"Yes! Please Jacob!" She begged,tugging down at his sleeve. "Come on! Come on!" He chuckled and whispered a quiet 'later' before ruffling her curls gently and rushing over to help the boys with the tents.
Least to say,they weren't doing such a good job.
"No,thats clearly not the way you do it,you dimwit! If it had been,the tent would've been up by now!" Enoch grunted as Millard cussed quietly under his breath,whispering what sounded like a plead for a bear to come eat one of them. Horace and Hugh examined the directions,their faces drawn a blank. It was truly a magnificent sight.
"No,guys. You put the metal rods through the loops,not above them," Jacob instructed,demonstrating one and showing them how to plant the ends firmly into the ground so that the tents didn't collapse.
Before long,all three tents were set up,and all sleeping bags laid out for use. Millard and Jacob planted small lanterns at the entrances of the tents for easy use and Emma walked around lighting all of them,winking suggestively at him before blowing out the flame dancing on her finger,her hand poised as a gun.
Back near the caravan,Miss Peregrine and Bronwyn had found driftwood to burn for their campfire and Claire and Olive were setting out all of the s'more supplies while secretly feeding some to each other when they thought no one was looking.
This was the life he'd chosen. And he couldn't be happier.—
After everyone had settled themselves comfortably on the tell-tale logs surrounding the campfire,Jacob started the night off with their delicious choice of snack.
"Ladies and Gentlemen,feast your eyes upon this beauty!" He exclaimed as he stacked biscuits,chocolate,and marshmallows on top of one another,creating one for each of them before nearly smoldering them over the fire.
"Why didn't you just use my hand? Might've been more effective," Emma questioned from beside him,her head leaning on his shoulder,her arm intertwined with his.
"Because," Jacob started,passing one of the finished s'mores to Claire. "That isn't the traditional or proper way of cooking s'mores,Em." He gave out the rest and told them to take a bite. Once they did,their reaction was a beautiful sight.
The brightness of their eyes as they dove into the gooey chocolate mess was one that Jacob wishes he could treasure and remember forever. Even Enoch,pessimistic,realist,Enoch,exclaimed in delight:
"This is magnificent!"
A flash erupted from behind them,and they all swung around to see Miss Peregrine pull a polaroid photo from Emma's camera and swing it around wildly to put it to effect. Once the picture appeared,the headmistress simply put it inside her jacket,smiling fondly. Moments like this should be looped, Jacob thought.—
Hours later,and Jacob hadn't collapsed like he'd assumed he would've. Instead,he lay under a canopy of stars with Emma laying on his one arm,and Claire on the other. The rest of the group had retired tiredly towards their sleeping quarters and snuffed out their lights. Seeing the opportunity,Jacob had showed Claire the stars through his telescope while the sky was still clear.
He realized with a smile that lights weren't needed when you had the moon,the stars,and the two most beautiful girls written in the face of human history. Despite the cold,Jacob felt as if he could break into sweat any minute,even though he'd given his blanket to the little girl next to him long ago. It was Emma who kept him warm. She rubbed her heated hand along his torso,eyes closed,humming gently to the rhythm of the wind rustling the trees. Every once in a while she'd blow a teasing gust of warm air towards his neck just to see him writhe under her,and then,feeling content,would resuming drawing shapes on his abdomen.
Claire was fast asleep and soon he knew he would be too. Although he tried to keep his eyes open a little longer,tried to treasure this moment a second more,Emma whispered gently into his ear,her warn breath sending warning signs and shivers all throughout his body.
"Sleep,love."
And with that,as if he'd been trapped under her command,he slipped from consciousness.

Title:Horace Knows Best.Fandom:M.P.H.F.P.C.Characters:Horace &JacobWarnings:NoneRating:K (Safe)Genre: Family/Friendship
DISCLAIMER:I DO NOT OWN MPHFPC OR ANY OF THE CHARACTERS. ALL CHARACTERS BELONG TO RANSOM RIGGS.a/n: THE POSSIBILITIES WITH THESE TWO ARE ENDLESSSSSSSS—
A soft knock came on the boy's room of the Portman household,and Horace had to keep himself from screaming at whomever it was (he was assuming it was Enoch since he'd left for air an hour prior) to get out and leave him be. Was he seeing a prophetic dream? Through everything he'd seen up to date he most probably despised this the most,the constant nagging of people at his door at an hour of obvious slumber. He should be sleeping right now,not listening to sound of wood knocking!
He swung open the door angrily to see a sheepish Jacob,rubbing the back of his neck apologetically. "Hey,Horace," He whispered,still clad in his pajamas. "I'm so sorry to bother you at this hour of morning,"
Despite his irritation,he whispered back. "It's quite alright...I guess." They looked at each other for a few long seconds. "Is there something you must ask me or…?"
Jacob nodded slightly,as if not sure about the fact that he was actually doing whatever he was going to do. "You see,I have a dire situation," he started off slowly. "And...I need your clothing expertise for a minute or two,"
Horace's interest suddenly grew tenfold,and he walked out of the room closing the door gently behind him so Millard and Hugh could sleep without any disturbances.
"I'm listening," he said gently,folding his arms. Jacob looked relieved at best.
"So I'm planning to take Emma on a date tonight," Jacob began excitedly. Horace smiled. He had a growing soft spot for the two lovers. "Like an actual date,without hollowgasts chasing us or anything. With flowers and dinner at an actual restaurant. So I need to look good right? But I don't know how to do that,and I assumed - no I know that you're my only hope."
For a moment,Jacob looked so desperate Horace wanted to reach out and embrace the boy and tell him that the horrors of the fashion industry wouldn't haunt and taunt him for long with him by his side.
"Of course I'll help. But I'll need to do something first," Horace said,resting a hand on Jacob's shoulder. They locked eyes and Jacobs clearly pleaded 'anything,I'll do anything'.
"I need to see your wardrobe. Once I see what I can work with,I can figure something out. Worst case scenario we could go out and be back before anyone knows." he said. "That is,if you can drive fast enough."
The two boys grinned at one another and Jacob led Horace towards his room. As he entered,he looked around. A small library,a queen bed,a bedpost,and a table were all that was visible in the darkness of the small room.
"Where's Emma?" Horace's voice cut through the silence,startling the other boy for a second or so. Once he recovered from the slight trauma,he pointed his thumb towards the next room.
"Olive had trouble sleeping," he spoke as he removed something from the floor and flung it to the desk. "So Emma went to read her a bedtime story from the Tales. But before they could get through half of the story they were both already knocked out cold." Jacob chuckled.
He flung open a door in the wall,and a middle sized walk-in closet emerged through the dark. Horace turned to him,pointing towards the articles of clothing.
"May I?"
"Be my guest."
Horace fingered through the racks and later motioned toward the drawers. Jacob simply nodded,and Horace submerged into finding the most date-perfect outfit he can. After a small moment,he emerged back with something. It was a brown blazer with a darker shade encasing the elbow area.
"This wouldn't look too bad. Hold it," and with that Horace flung the blazer at Jacob as he attempted to catch it midair. "Do you have a button down by any chance? Fitted would be best but loose wouldn't look as bad either." Jacob nodded in a stupor,and pointed towards the back drawer. "Marvelous." and he was gone again.
He searched a little more,looked in the shoe baskets (only finding one pair of black dress shoes and one muddy pair of sneakers) and continued his through Jacob's closet. In the end he was able to collect the dress shoes,the blazer,a black fitted (maybe even small) button down with white buttons,a white tie and bowtie,and black skinny dress pants. Everything seemed in place other than the blazer,who's brown color was not matching with the black and white color scheme Horace was going for.
"We don't have need for this anymore," he said as he hung it back on the rack. "Now,would you prefer a classic tie or gentlemen's bowtie?" Horace held up both in his hands,and Jacob looked at them,lost,having no idea which would look better.
"I really wouldn't know. What would you suggest? You'd know best," he shrugged. After a few minutes of intense thinking,Horace held up the bowtie.
"Since you won't be having a blazer,the tie is quite an unnecessary accessory. The white gentlemen's bowtie would be quite enough. But I think you'll look good in it nonetheless." He said,holding up the bowtie to Jacob's collar. "Yea,it just about fits. Now! I'll turn around and you change into those." he pointed towards all the clothes Jacob had in his arms. With that final declaration,Horace turned around and waited patiently for the other boy to change.
As was instructed,Jacob changed into the clothes Horace had picked out for him. First he put on the black dress pants that became slightly thinner as they reached his ankles,not too much,but enough to make his legs look good in his black dress shoes. Then came on the black fitted button down. (Jacob has no idea how that ended up in his wardrobe because he never recalled owning such an article of clothing) Somehow it fit perfectly,even if just the tiniest pinch tight around his abdomen. Kicking off his slippers he slid into the dress shoes and quickly adjust the bow tie around his neck. Jacob hoped the final resulted looked as good as it felt.
"Well?" he asked,spreading his arms out.
Horace turned around,smiling as he circled him. "Everything looks perfect!" he exclaimed,then frowned slightly as he backed away a little,lowering his field of focus to Jacob's shoes.
"Is something wrong?" Jacob asked,looking down to his feet.
"Hmm. It's too black. Your buttons are white,your bowtie is white,the lining of your cuffs is white,but there's nothing white waist down," He stated quietly,lost in thought. Then his eyes lit up,and he ran quietly out of the room,leaving him alone in the emptiness.
Jacob took a look at himself in the wardrobe's mirror. His broad shoulders trailing down to his abdomen created a sort of upside-down triangle. He actually looked good. He couldn't believe that the person staring back at him in the mirror was actually him. Just as he was going to roll up his sleeves,Horace came back,a pair of black and white Oxfords in his hands.
"These should do. They should be near your size as well. The lining and the rims being covered with white speckles now finishes your color scheme." He gave a happy hmmf,and stood examining Jacob. With an encouraging pat on the back,he smiled at his friend.
"You look good Jacob. Now," he pointed towards the door. "Go whoo our Emma Bloom."

Title:Dinner Date.Fandom:M.P.H.F.P.C.Characters:Jacob &EmmaWarnings:Romantic Scenes..?Rating:T (^ bc of the aforementioned)Genre:Romance/Humor
DISCLAIMER:I DO NOT OWN MPHFPC OR ANY OF THE CHARACTERS. ALL CHARACTERS BELONG TO RANSOM RIGGS.a/n: I JUST HAD TO DO THIS IM SO SORRY
(continuation of horace knows best.)—
Jacob shuffled around nervously,his feet still very foreign in Horace's shiny Oxfords. Sure,he'd taken Emma on a few dates prior to then,but none of them had been to a fancy five star restaurant that overlooked the Atlantic Ocean's coastline. A gorgeous sea-view diner with an even better taste in cuisine.
Miss Peregrine and the girls had insisted on aiding 'Miss Bloom' in getting ready and refused to show Jacob the outfit they'd chosen,giggling to themselves as they ushered a very confused Emma into their room. Once the doors closed,Horace walked up to him to fix a few last minute details.
"Stop playing around with your hair!" He slapped Jacob's hand away. "You're going to absolutely ruin the style! And tuck in your button-down,you looking more charming that way." Jacob rushed to fix himself up before Emma or the others saw,sweat beading at his forehead. He had no idea why he was freaking out so much,he'd never felt so under pressure before. There was also something missing,he just knew it,although he couldn't exactly pinpoint what. "Oh,and adjust your watch. It's hanging upside down."
He muttered a thanks when a different voice spoke up. "You should probably go start the car," Hugh inquired,approaching them with Millard and Enoch following close behind. "Open the cool air blower thing in the front;it's really hot today and I'm sure Emma would appreciate it." He shrugged,hands dug deep in his pockets.
Of course! He was missing his keys!
"Oh yes,of course! Thank you!"
The drawers were in the kitchen,and if he ran,he knew he could make it back before the door to the ladies room flew open. But just as he was preparing for a straight sprint towards the back of the house,the doors opened and Jacob felt like all the wind was knocked out of his lungs.
There she stood,looking as beautiful as ever,standing at the top of the staircase as if reenacting a scene from those romantic comedies that Jacob dreaded so much.
She was clad in a pastel blue summer dress that fell just shy of her knees. A small yellow flower (a daisy maybe?) was tucked behind her ear,the color exquisitely matching her flats. A crimson blush grew around her cheeks,enhancing every vibrant color plastered upon her body. She became very flustered very quickly (understandably),but he couldn't find it in himself to lift his jaw or look away. In the period of time that stretched from seconds to eons for the duo,Millard had succeeded in fetching the keys for Jacob instead,seeing as he couldn't so much as form a sentence let alone go get the car running,and nudged it to his hand as if signaling a message:close your mouth and get going you fool!
And so he did just that.
"You look,beautiful," He gulped,gently reaching out his crooked elbow for her to take. She did so,before a bright light surrounded them and they whipped back to see Miss Peregrine holding a polaroid in her hands. Although it belonged to Emma,the headmistress couldn't help but be magnetized to it,using it at every memory-inducing event. Jacob considered buying one for her,too,since she was just so infatuated with the device.
"Now," she began. "You know the rules. Make sure to be back by 9:30." She looked at them questioningly,as if daring them to oppose her. When they just smiled and made no move whatsoever to go against their headmistress,she looked to the floor,mumbling the last bit. "And no inappropriate behavior."
Snickers went up all around the room as they grew red. Jacob spared a glance at the clock hung above the coat rack. It read 5:30 PM.
"Well don't just stand around then,be on your way!"—
Their ride to the restaurant couldn't exactly be described as quick.
The road itself normally takes around twenty to twenty-five minutes without traffic,and with said traffic that time is expected to rise to at least forty minutes (if you're lucky,that is.)
It was,unfortunately,one of those days. And they were,unfortunately,fresh out of luck. Nudging through traffic one inch at a time slowly sent Jacob's internal clockwork of patience to go almost completely haywire.
"Where exactly are we going?" Emma asked softly,quietly slipping her hand under his,fingers knotting automatically.
"It's a surprise." And despite his impatience and anger and nervousness,Jacob smiled.
"Well considering that you're dressed more formally than ever and got your knickers in a twist,I can only go ahead and assume that it's someplace fancy."
A pause. "Touché."—
It was a gorgeous sight really. With the golden sun diving behind the dimly lit restaurant,a valet stood at the door ushering those who had reservations in and those who didn't out. There was a couple arguing in the front door as the valet contacted the security guards to break up the brewing dispute. Quiet music flowed softly in the background as the wind snuffed out some of the candles at the sea-view seats on the pier.
"Wow."
Jacob felt a twang of pride at how in that moment her eyes glistened brighter than the setting sun,or how her lips trembled with one thought:I don't deserve this. 
She looked more breathtaking than the view itself. And that was a written fact.
A male waitress walked over to them,smiling as he guided them towards the outside seats,reciting facts about the pier as though he were a walking encyclopedia.
"… and if you need anything,feel free to wave over any one of us! Enjoy your meal!" He nodded towards them politely before jogging inside to retrieve their menus.
A rare Floridian wind blew. The sky was lit up in a mesmerizing purple and yellow. Jacob breathed in the fresh sea air and smiled. The wind wiped on of the candles on their table,and Emma reached for it,lit it under under the table,and put it back to it's place all the while winking at him slyly. Everything was perfect,just as it should be.
Emma reached out from across from him,and grasped his hand from over the table. Her hands were still hot from lighting the candle,and the warmth against the wind caused a shiver to rock his spine. He locked eyes with her,and he almost passed out from the level of intensity she was staring at him with. Before she had the chance to say anything though,he spoke up beating her to it.
"Order anything you like! And don't hold back. I mean it."
Emma opened her mouth to answer,but once again was cut off. But unlike last time,it wasn't Jacob who had interrupted her,but a passing photographer.
"May I take a picture of you two?" he asked,beckoning around them. "It's just such perfect scenery and you two are such a perfect couple to match."
They looked at one another nodding,shocked and embarrassed (maybe even a little excited) by the compliment. The photographer,(a middle aged man with glasses) guided them towards the pose that he wanted to capture. Once done,he bid them farewell and took on his way.
As the photographer was leaving,their menu's arrived and they made their order. Their food came surprisingly fast,and they dug into the feast. Hours passed. They ate,they talked,and paid and left.
It couldn't have been a better date.

Title:Gentle Purrs.Fandom:M.P.H.F.P.C.Characters:AllWarnings: NoneRating:K+ (Safe)Genre:Comfort/Family
DISCLAIMER:I DO NOT OWN MPHFPC OR ANY OF THE CHARACTERS. ALL CHARACTERS BELONG TO RANSOM RIGGS.a/n: the following includes (and is not limited to) a bickering hugh and emma,a completely done bronwyn,a sad puppy enoch,and a happy puppy olive. whoops.—
It had been a quiet night at the Portman household until Olive erupted in a fit of excited giggles.
"Look,Bronwyn look! There's a small cat in the driveway!"
Jacob perked up from his book. "A cat?" he looked over at Emma with a quizzical expression. "Cats don't usually find their way here. Olive are you sure?"
The girl nodded excitedly.
Hearing the commotion downstairs,Miss Peregrine preceded down the steps,wrapping her robe around her slender form.
"What's going on?" Olive pointed towards the door.
"Can we keep it? Please? Oh pretty please can we keep it?" the girl pleaded,already making her way towards the door. Yet before anyone could warn her about the dangers of unvaccinated animals,she flung herself outside and rushed in with a muddy,small,tabby kitten tightly held in her arms.
So much mud and dirt caked the animals fur that it's original color had faded long ago,only small speckles of the orange visible through the grime. It struggled to open it's eyes at us,curiously drinking in the bright environment in contrast to the dark alley it'd been lying in only moments ago.
Bronwyn bent down next to Olive,placing a maternal hand upon her shoulders. "Well,we ain't bringing it in like this. Let's wash him up first." and with that final declaration,Olive gingerly handed the kitten over to Bronwyn who motioned for Hugh and Emma to follow her. They left without saying a word,trailing behind the strong girl waiting for the challenge that lay ahead.—
Behind the doors of the bathroom,Hugh and Emma rushed around to find towels to dry off the cat once it's nightmare of a shower finished. Bronwyn sat beside the tub,scrubbing against the knotted fur of the animal,trying to untangle the ginger mess as everything plastered on him fought hard against her brush.
"The little bugger is so dirty!" Hugh laughed,crossing his arms and leaning back against the sink as he watched Bronwyn wrestle with the tiny thing. It was a cute sight to behold,really. Strong,big,powerful,Bronwyn cleaning a cat that she was almost twenty times the size of.
"Soap it anymore and it'll slip straight from your fingers," Emma walked over to join Hugh,resting her head on his shoulder.
"Laugh while you can. Next duty is yours," Bronwyn grunted,attempting to hold it as hard as possible without possibly crushing it.
"I wouldn't think it wise to give a shift to Emma though,water and fire don't mix well together as far as I'm told," Hugh remarked,prodding a teasing finger on Emma's shoulder. Her expression was priceless as she slapped Hugh's arm,their laughter echoing throughout the small bathroom. Their sounds of drunk giddiness spilled into the hallway creating a harmony of joy inside the house.
"Good one bee boy. But what're you gonna do when the 'little bugger' ends up eating Henry for dinner?"
Hugh feigned a dramatic gasp. "You take that back!" Protectively he placed his hand to his hair,pulling Henry the Bee from his resting space and stroking his broken wing. "Don't listen to her Henry. She's just jealous of us."
Emma barked a loud guffaw. "Jealous of what now?" Just as Hugh opened his mouth to shoot back another snarky remark,Bronwyn interrupted the two peculiars by thrusting the cat upwards in their direction.
"Had I known you two would be useless,I wouldn't have called you in." she muttered as she handed the soaking tabby to Hugh. He immediately wrapped the frail form in the towel he'd had hanging over his shoulder and rubbed between its ears affectionately. The kitten purred quietly,tiredly,as it rubbed against his hand.
"You know,he's actually pretty cute when you can see him."—
Diverting Olive's attention to something other then that bloody cat had been one of the hardest things Enoch had ever done. He mentally took a note to thank Bronwyn later for her incredible and unbeatable patience in dealing with children once she finished up in the bathroom.
Nobody else had the time to distract her and it finally got to the best of him;his fingers twitching with every dreadingly long groan she let out. Not having the patience to deal with her whining but also not wanting to yell at his young friend,he bent down to sit next to her instead.
"How did you realize it was outside?" He asked,hoping that the question would redirect her attention to something else.
"I dunno,I just looked outside and it was there." She explained blankly. "Do you think they're done washing him now?"
"When they're done,they'll come out."
A blissful moment of silence passed before Olive spoke up again. "How about now?"
It took every fiber of his being to refrain from screaming in frustration. This was the 13th time she'd asked this same exact question in the exact same way and he was sure that if she did it once more another wouldn't follow. "When they're done,they'll come out." Enoch repeated through gritted teeth.
Once again silence engulfed the living room. Exhaustion was etched deeply in Enoch's features as he covered his eyes with his fingers to block out the piercing light. In the other room he heard Horace and Millard chattering excitedly about things he knew he'd never understand,talking in such a quick pace. Sometimes he wished dearly that he could join them in such natural environments,but he was scared to death of ruining his beloved friend's moment. He already bothered everybody enough with his unintentional attitude and it tore him to shreds every time he saw his friends expression after letting out a pessimistic comment. He didn't want to give them another reason to hate him.
"Enoch? Can I ask you something?" Olive asked,uncharacteristically quiet. He nodded tiredly,his head still drooping in his hands.
"Why are you so sad all the time?"
His jaw locked tightly,fingers knotting into his hair. She'd hit his pressure point spot on,prodding at it with a cold metal rod as if mocking him. She's just a little girl,she wouldn't understand even if you tried to explain,his mind reasoned. Don't beat yourself over it. With what little energy he had left,he forced his violent memories to stay at bay.
Olive,poor gentle soul,who was so invested in something that could never be fixed.
"I don't have many reasons to be happy,I guess." he choked out. Realizing he'd let down his facade for far too long,he cleared his voice and added with his voice devoid of all emotion,"Not that I need them anyway."
Olive placed a small,gentle,hand on his leg,feeling it shake underneath her palm. She studied the trembling hands covering Enoch's face,fingertips painted permanently red with the blood of his many victims.
"We're here and we're alive. Shouldn't that be reason enough?" she questioned. The level of maturity that she'd reach throughout the events of the past few months sent a painful strum through his heartstrings. This girl,who couldn't possibly be more then ten years old,was thankful simply because she was breathing.
"No." He stated simply,wincing at how sharp it came out.
"If you'd just let us help you - " He hushed her with his finger,pointing towards the door of the bathroom,now looking for any way he could dodge out of this conversation. He was beginning to think he liked it better when she was whining about the damn cat.
As the door of the bathroom clicked open,Olive hopped out of her seat,all the intensity of the previous moment long forgotten.
"Here she is!" Hugh walked in,the tabby merely a ball of fur on his shoulder.
"She?" Olive's voiced was on the verge of a giggling spree as Hugh lifted her into his arms.
"Yup! Emma and I checked in the bathroom. It's definitely a she."
The little tabby jumped from his shoulder to Olive's hands as Hugh readjusted her in his arms,chuckling at how the animal immediately gravitated towards Olive's soft hands.
"It was actually me who checked,Hugh just sat their and stared at me like a wimp." Emma called from behind,wiping her wet hands on a towel as she brushed past them.
"Stop corrupting the young,Emma!"—
All throughout and even after dinner,the kitten rubbed itself from person to person as each of the peculiars had a go with the tabby (who Olive named as Ginger because of it's unique color). Miss Peregrine herself even held onto it for a small bit,referring to the animal as 'merely a tangled mess of orange and black fur.'
When it became Claire's turn to hold Ginger she politely declined,stating that she didn't wish to be bit by the cat. Understandably they all complied,and passed the cat down the line.
Amongst all of them though,she'd taken a special liking to Enoch,who hadn't even held her for long before the kitten crawled up his arm and nestled into his neck.
"Whoa dude,she seems to like you!" Jacob exclaimed in wonder as the kitten purred loudly from the hollow of Enoch's neck. "A lot!"
As the kitten gently hummed against his neck,he felt the vibration of the small animal buzz through his walls and shoot straight into his heart. Unconsciously a genuine smile grew on his face as he accidentally caught Olive's gaze.
I told you so,her eyes seemed to say. I told you there were reasons to be happy.—
The next few weeks were spent with trying (and failing) to give up the kitten. Just as they all thought they finally grew detached,another voice would speak up suggestion that she stayed just a few more 'days.'
But in the end,they all knew they weren't getting rid of Ginger for a long time to come,and gave up trying to convince themselves and one another of the lost cause.
Although the tabby approached and cuddled with all of them at different times,Enoch found that whatever he did,wherever he went,this little tabby just didn't know when to quit when it came to him. Even though at first it'd been nothing but irritating,he slowly grew warm to the idea of waking up with Ginger and falling asleep again with Ginger right beside his head.
He was scared to say that he was falling soft because of this God forsaken kitten. But it didn't feel bad necessarily,just as if he'd been underwater for years and his ears were just popping to the true atmosphere around him.
Colors seemed more vibrant,laughter seemed more sweet,and food tasted better. More and more he found himself becoming attached,and more and more this kitten refused to give up.
He found it endearing if anything,how this cat saw every piece of his broken self and still insisted on staying.
One day when they were just relaxing in the yard,Enoch rubbing Ginger affectionately,Olive came up from behind them and sat down on the grass. The cat purred and crawled over to her for a change of scenery.
"Enoch,can I ask you a question?" the girl asked. Enoch knew exactly where she was headed with this,and once again willing himself out of the situation,he looked around desperately for a distraction.
"Olive,please - " he begged.
"How many reasons do you have now?"
—
FIN.

Title:Hours of the Day.Fandom:M.P.H.F.P.C.Characters:AllWarnings: Nope...Rating:T (Safe)Genre:Friendship/Romance
DISCLAIMER:I DO NOT OWN MPHFPC OR ANY OF THE CHARACTERS. ALL CHARACTERS BELONG TO RANSOM RIGGS.a/n: Oh my God I cannot tell you just how much I hate Ikea like smh I hate them and their furniture is a nightmare to put together. Also,I really wanted write about their interactions with one another bc I love them sm
IMPORTANT NOTE! - THIS TAKES PLACE SEVERAL YEARS INTO THE FUTURE (WHEN JACOB IS 22 OR 23 ISH) WHERE THEY'RE SLIGHTLY MORE MATURE AND MORE OR LESS USED TO THE 21ST CENTURY;BRONWYN VOLUNTEERS IN A CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL (CLAIRE AND OLIVE LIVE WITH HER),EMMA AND JACOB MOVE IN TOGETHER AFTER GETTING ENGAGED, HUGH LIVES IN THE APARTMENT ACROSS FROM THEM,HORACE AND ENOCH MOVE IN TOGETHER TOO,MILLARD STAYS BY HIMSELF WRITING THE SEQUEL TO HIS BESTSELLER,AND MISS PEREGRINE LIVES IN A HOUSE THAT THE PECULIARS RAISED MONEY FOR WHERE SHE TEACHES AND CARES FOR A NEW BATCH OF PECULIARS !—SATURDAY,AUGUST 3RD | 2:49 PM | JACOB &EMMA'S APARTMENT
Jacob didn't even fathom a knot this furious and hard could ever tangle itself up in his tense shoulder muscles. Every atom in his body screamed 'bloody agony!' but if he let go of the piece of wood now,Hugh wouldn't be able insert the plank into it's designated place,possibly even fracturing the item along the way. And so with his face growing redder with the lack of oxygen with every ticking second,he held up the damn plank of redwood.
"Mate," Hugh grunted heavily from the opposite end,fiddling with the head of the bed and the plank. "A little more to the right,"
Jacob shifted himself towards his right and Hugh connected in the plank with a loud 'click!'
FINALLY. 
He stood immediately and began to roll his shoulders,wincing in pain at the excruciating soreness that had overtaken his back. With a grunt he swore by everything good above that he was never buying another IKEA item again. Ever. Not matter how much Emma begged 'Oh but this one doesn't look that hard to assemble!'
As the two boys wiped furiously at the sweat beading at their foreheads,Hugh's phone rang. (After almost two months of convincing,he'd finally been able to get all the peculiars their own phones. Oddly enough,they came with prepaid service for nearly a year,which was surprisingly the courtesy of his service company. Perks of being an AT&T user for almost a decade,he supposed.)
The older boy looked apologetically at his friend and dug into his pocket in search of the device. Fumbling a little bit with the iPhone,he finally got it to accept the incoming call. (In this moment Jacob realized with a smile that Hugh's phone was clad with a bright yellow case with a hive and bees littering the surface,spilling drops of honey spelling out the words 'Save the Bees')
"Hey Bronwyn," he answered,wiping the dripping sweat and grime from his eyes with his slender fingers. "Oh was that today? I'm so sorry,I completely forgot;I was helping Jacob and Em with moving into their new place," the boy paced around the nearly empty apartment,his free hand settled on his hip. "I'll be right over. Right. Again,I'm so sorry…"
Jacob waited until his friend was done talking to ask what was up.
"Oh,it's just that I promised Bronwyn that I'd look after Claire and Olive today,since she's taking a late shift at the hospital tonight." Jacob nodded,understanding the dilemma. "The staff is celebrating her first year there,and you know,she'd kind of wanna be there..." Hugh joked,grinning at his friends annoyed expression as he shuffled his hair.
Jacob yanked his head back jokingly,slapping Hugh's hand away and pointing towards his car outside. "Would you like a ride there or...?"
Just as Hugh was about to answer with a definite and grateful yes,Emma walked in with a tray of freezing lemonade,the ice cubes floating inside the liquid sending drops of condensed water down the spine of the glass. There was also a bowl of Cheese-Its atop a pile of napkins.
"Tell Wyn that I say hi,and that I love her,and that she definitely needs to take a break and come over,"
The boys immediately gravitated thirstily towards her,not making sense of her words but more by her goods. Their sense of focus was understandably completely and utterly lost as she laughed.
"Ok sure...just,after we finish those..."—SATURDAY,AUGUST 3RD | 3:10 PM | BRONWYN'S APARTMENT
With Jacob's car,it hadn't even taken ten minutes to reach Bronwyn's apartment. When they reached the door,Jacob waited patiently until Hugh was successfully inside to drive away. With a smile and a wave,his friend was once again on his way home.
As he entered the living room,Hugh looked at the two girls sitting on the couch in front of him apologetically. They looked bored out of their minds.
"Claire,Olive,I'm so sorry I forgot," he bent down to their level,Claire jumping into his arms excitedly. He chuckled as he stationed her on his lap comfortably. "So,what should we do today?"
Olive grabbed his hand wordlessly and dragged him towards the kitchen,Claire still in his arms,(although now that she was growing,it was getting increasingly harder to pick her up) his feet stepping one in front of the other.
As they cornered into the kitchen,Hugh set Claire on the countertop and leaned his back on the spot next to her. "So Olive,what're we cooking today? Although I can't promise that I'll be of much help..." Excitedly,Olive handed him a piece of paper,pointing to the title.
"We're making a triple layer cake! I heard that they're really good,and Bronwyn keeps urging me to find a hobby so I'm going to see if this is my calling," Hugh examined the recipe,searching for a single keyword. When he came up empty,he jokingly tossed the recipe back to Olive,turning his head dramatically towards Claire.
"Can you believe the nerve of this young lady?" He muttered to Claire,but still loud enough for Olive to hear. "She added all these spices and sugars but didn't even think about adding honey!" he scoffed,earning a round of giggles from the two girls. "I'm sorry,but I can't do this recipe."
By now,they were all clutching their stomachs with well earned joy,tears seeping from their eyes as humor overrode their systems.
"Ok fine!" Olive laughed,throwing her hands up in surrender. "I'll replace the sugar with honey,but I don't even know if that would taste good!"
"I'm sure the cake would still end up being the bees knees," Hugh said,stressing on the last two words of his sentence as he clapped himself on the back for his ingenious joke. But after recovering from his own world of laughter,he saw that the two girls looked unamused if anything,seeing as he's been making an excess of bee related puns lately.
He cleared his throat. "Well,let's get down to it then,shall we?"
In the next half-an-hour or so,they spent their time looking for the correct ingredients. While on the search for the eggs,Hugh found some homemade chocolate milkshakes in the refrigerator,no doubt made by Bronwyn herself. A sticky note was taped to the backside of the tall pitcher,a note written in red pen.
Made something for you and the girls,in case you're hungry. Plus they deserve a treat,Hugh read quietly. God bless,he thought to himself,mentally thanking Bronwyn for her thoughtfulness. She may not have been the sharpest tool in the shed,but her heart and intentions were always so pure that he felt pride surge through him to call her his friend. Grabbing three small cups,he poured them all a glass of the prepared drink.
Their small attention spans were immediately pulled to the chocolatey goodness as they all dug in,silly straws and everything.—SATURDAY,AUGUST 3RD | 5:36 PM | ENOCH &HORACE'S APARTMENT
"Honestly,I don't even know why I bother," Horace mumbled quietly to himself,tossing his favorite pillow tiredly to the ground. He was out of his usual clothing attire,his extravagant suit and monocles long forgotten on the floor. Today,he was in pair of simple dress pants and a baggy white shirt. He ran a hand through his unruly and tangled hair,massaging his scalp in doing so.
When Enoch entered the room with their normal afternoon-ritual coffee,he was so taken aback by the scenery that he found it only appropriate that he take a picture;although in hindsight,this may have been a bad idea since Horace heard the click of the phone's camera and glared mercilessly at him,his eyes piercing his soul.
"Whoa there,grumpy pants," Enoch walked over to the crate Horace was situated on,and plopped himself next to him. "I thought I had the role of 'the heartless maniac' in the house."
Horace didn't look amused as he reached for his coffee,but just as he did Enoch pulled it further away from him teasingly,raising his mug higher into the air. As the boy scowled angrily at Enoch,the latter innocently took a sip from his own cup.
"So are you going to tell me what's wrong or do I have to wrangle it out of you?"
Horace laughed bitterly. "You wish."
"That is an invalid answer,I'm afraid."
"Oh,shut up!"
Enoch fought the urge to laugh at Horace's frustration for God knew what. "Not until you spill what got your knickers in a twist."
"My knickers are not twisted! I just - I - " The boy kicked around at the many Mens Fashion Weekly copies littering the floor,looking desperately for something to that would make his friend shut the hell up.
Enoch took the opportunity to finish the sentence for him,taking another sip from his mug. " - got your knickers in a twist."
"You are despicable,you know that?" Horace huffed in annoyance,giving up after realizing it's a lost cause.
"Yea,you remind me every other day."
Was this boy ever out of comebacks?
Horace dug his head in his hands,his shoulders sagging in surrender. "I had a bad dream." He mumbled quietly.
"Come again?"
"I had a bad dream." Horace replied,irritatingly louder. Enoch's face suddenly fell into worry;an emotion that rarely took his features.
"Was it...Is it..?" So he did run out of comebacks.
"There's no way to tell,but it was just,unsettling...? I can't really describe it."
And then Enoch did what he'd never have expected him to do,never in a million years.
He handed Horace his coffee mug,and slung his arm lazily around the latter's shoulders. He smelled faintly of metal and rubbing alcohol. "Well,if there's no way to tell,then there's no need to worry." Enoch chirped,bringing his own cup to Horace's for a quick click.
Horace smiled despite himself,returning the gesture as Enoch soothed his hair.—SATURDAY,AUGUST 3RD | 8:22 PM | JACOB &EMMA'S APARTMENT
Jacob threw the pieces to the ground in frustration. "It just doesn't fit!" he ran a hand roughly through his hair. "I just don't understand what I'm doing wrong!"
Emma perked up from her seat on the floor and looked him in the eyes,shrugging apologetically. Seeing the uselessness of the situation,he put the remainder of the tools left in his hands into his tool belt,sighing heavily as he did so. Why was it so hard to assemble something with literally six parts? Six parts! IKEA made everything a living hell and he was soon to become victim to it's grasp.
But Emma,sweet Emma,immediately recognized his distress and stood up to meet him in the middle of the room.
"Stop stressing about this so much," she cooed,wrapping her blue-sweater clad arms around his waist. He avoided her eyes,searching the empty room for a distraction. He was really not in the mood for this,and she could tell,but he was way too tensed and as his fiancé she only found it right that she urged him to relax.
"I'm sorry Em,I'm just,so exhausted with this..." he breathed out,resting his head on her golden hair while knotting his hands over her shoulders loosely. She buried her head into the hollow of his chest.
"I know,love."
Tightening her hold on him,she attempted to draw out a reaction from his tired face. When his face gave away no such sign of success,she wrapped her fingers around his belt,watching as he gulped.
Gotcha.
She pulled at his buckle gently,trying to catch his eyes. When they finally locked upon his,she smiled and made her way towards the back room,Jacob following,almost hypnotized by how she could even get him to calm down and freak out with a single gesture.
"We still have the mattress." she implied,smiling gently.
Jacob took a moment to think,and then decided,ah to hell with it. The bed's frame could wait.—SATURDAY,AUGUST 3RD | 10:51PM | BRONWYN'S APARTMENT
After seven hours and almost four failed attempts at the triple-layer cake,and they finally got it right. To add to the finishing touches,Olive had insisted on creating a creamy paste to slather on top of the cake as well.
"Ohhhh,we were supposed to put the baking soda in the other bowl,with the flour and all..." Hugh figured,flipping the recipe around wondrously. "Why doesn't this recipe specify anything?"
Olive grunted as she stirred the paste formula. "The book I took it from stated,and I quote,'real chefs don't need specifics.'"
Claire's head sagged and landing on Hugh's shoulder just as she'd said that,the younger girl's tired form slumping against Hugh's as she slipped into slumber. Her blonde curls cascaded over her shoulder and spilled into a pool of yellow on the countertop,the color hypnotizing against the dark marble of the kitchen. Olive and Hugh shared a frozen look before falling into a fit of stifled laughter.
"I should probably tuck her in,shouldn't I?" Hugh whispered quietly to the girl in front of him. Olive shrugged nonchalantly.
"Only if you want to. She could awake at any moment though,she's been kinda jumpy in her sleep these past few days or so. So I'd suggest to just keep her in the living room for now,since it's still kind of early..."
The boy raised his eyebrows. Jumpy? Was everything ok? As he was about to ask that very question,Olive answered for him.
"Before you ask,everything is fine. She's not having nightmares,or so she tells us...more like she just wakes up randomly." The recipe was almost finished as Olive poured the mixture into a tray. As she did so,Hugh took Claire to the living room where he situated her comfortably on the cushions and blankets. By the time he returned to the kitchen,Olive had already spread the whipped cream and mixture on the cake,standing back to admire their handiwork.
"Well I'll be damed," Hugh said,resting a hand on his friend's shoulder. "It looks better then the one in the formula."
Olive smiled at him,resting her head on his arm. "Should we have a slice to put it to the test?" She asked curiously,glancing mischievously up at her friend in doing so.
"Already ahead of you." Hugh grinned as he lifted the two plates and forks in his hands.—SATURDAY,AUGUST 3RD | 11:38 PM | DOWNTOWN CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL
She hoped they picked up.
Of course,she wasn't let down. After merely three rings,Hugh answered her distress call.
"Wyn?" Hugh's static voice echoed through the other end of the phone line. Bronwyn smiled at the other staff members before turning her back to the group.
"I may not make it back anytime soon,with how the 'party' is going." she said quietly into the phone,making sure everybody was having fun and definitely not eavesdropping into her conversation.
She could hear Hugh contemplate on the other end,sighing and saying something she couldn't understand to Olive.
"Hmm...I can take them to my place for the night,if that's alright with you. Jacob could pick us up so they don't have to walk outside at this hour," Hugh suggested,the ending sounding more like a question then a definite answer,but a brilliant solution nonetheless.
Bronwyn had never felt more relieved in her entire life. She wiped the sweat beading at her forehead and thanked her friend.
"Yes please."—SUNDAY,AUGUST 4TH | 12:01 AM | MILLARD'S APARTMENT
After an entire day of writing and three cups of coffee to boost his brain,Millard checked the word counter on his document tiredly. It read 31,209 WORDS WRITTEN in small bold letters,the number drastically small from what he was hoping he'd have reached.
"Useless,useless,useless!" he grunted,lightly banging his head on his table. The books next to his computer shook and trembled under his skulls abuse against the redwood table. Millard was sure he'd already lost half of his brain cells by now,but he truly didn't care at this point.
If he can't even write a proper sentence,what good was his brain anyway?
He glanced around the room with exhausted eyes,newspaper articles and the Map of Days hung pinned on his note board haunting him. Least to say,the sequel to his recent best selling novel wasn't going too smoothly. Although in all honesty,he wasn't even quiet sure how his first novel became a bestseller in the first place.
"I just need some sleep," he spoke quietly to himself,rubbing his drooping eyes with his fingers. "I just need some rest,and I'll be back in my game."
The word 'sleep' nor the action itself did't come naturally to Millard,as unfortunate as this was. "...great writers and philosophers all have insomnia...",he'd once read online,"...their ideas are too big to let them sleep."
This had motivated and encouraged him to an extent,but later he soon came to realize that it wasn't just his 'great ideas' keeping him awake,but more like the fact that he just really couldn't sleep.
So he popped in a melatonin pill and laid down on his bed,closed his eyes,and hopped for the sweet embrace of slumber to take him.
Only,as expected,it didn't.
So he sat up,ran a hand through his unruly hair,his eyes burning. But just as he was about to let his back fall once again onto his mattress,a lightbulb flared to life above his head. I GOT IT! he thought excitedly.
Rushing out of bed,he ran over to his desk in a frenzy. I got it I got it I got it.
Cracking his knuckles he smiled as he got down to work.
31,210 WORDS WRITTEN.—SUNDAY,AUGUST 4TH | 12:09 AM | JACOB &EMMA'S APARTMENT
"Can you believe our seven year anniversary is in a month today?" Emma asked quietly,her head nestled comfortably on Jacob's bare chest. Their fingers danced together playfully,knotting and unknotting,stroking and caressing.
"Actually,it'll be in a month yesterday," Jacob laughed,"It passed midnight already. It's technically the fourth now."
"Well you get the point."
He did. Seven years was a long time to spend with someone,especially if you've lived with them since you were merely sixteen. Now he was twenty three,(almost) and engaged to the most perfect human being to possibly exist. His heart tripped into his stomach.
"I wouldn't have had it any other way." As cliche the moment had gotten,it was completely ruined by Jacob's phone ringing. It startled the duo tremendously,both jumping out of their skins at the loud piano medley that erupted from his iPhone.
"Who in heaven above would call at this hour - ?" Emma asked curiously,trying to catch the Caller ID as Jacob answered the phone.
"Dude you do realize that it's midnight,right?"
A bright static laughter echoed through the other end,and Emma didn't need to second guess anything in order to figure out that the voice belonged to Hugh. But why was he calling at this hour of night?
"I mean,if you and Emma were preoccupied or something I could just - "
"What?! No,uh,no we - I mean,I wasn't busy," Jacob stuttered,a baffled expression and a blush spreading across his face as he lied. His fiancé had to hide her face in the sheets in order not to burst out with laughter. Age twenty two and the boy still freaked out at the mere idea. What a stupid dork.
The said dork now scratched the back of his neck sheepishly. "I guess I could,but it's just so cold outside of the blankets and I'm way too lazy to put on clothes right now..." he spoke into the phone while stifling a yawn.
"So you were preoccupied with Emma!"
Jacob's eyes grew large as he realized his mistake. "Wait,no! I - "
"My boy's gettin' some game!"
At the last comment,they both completely lost is. Emma almost chocked on her own spit as she guffawed loudly,Jacob's jaw dropping wide open in terror as he attempted to hush his friend from the other end of the phone line.
"Hugh! Aren't you babysitting?!" He asked incredulously as both his fiancé and his friend just about cried from laughter.—SUNDAY,AUGUST 4TH | 12:17 AM | HUGH'S APARTMENT
After a mildly horrifying but mostly funny incident on the phone,he was able to convince a very embarrassed Jacob into driving the three of them over to his own place. After delivering the news to the kids,(well Olive only,since she was the only one awake) they were all ready and situated to be transported to Hugh's apartment.
The entire car ride had been quiet,filled with snickers from Hugh and embarrassed glances at the kids from Jacob. But nonetheless,they reached their apartment complex,and Jacob killed the engine. As they exited the car and made their way up the stairs,Jacob made sure that the car was locked twice out of an unknown unsettling uneasiness. Or maybe it was the incredible tension between the two boys,although Hugh really didn't look like he was much in a frenzy,unlike Jacob.
When they reached Hugh's apartment (which was literally across from Jacob and Emma's) the boy clapped Jacob on the back and teasingly said quietly,"Tell Em I say hi,"
Jacob couldn't help but laugh as he pulled his shoulder away from the older boy's grasp,moving away from him in order to unlock his own door. "Haha." he said bitterly. "Hilarious."
As they entered Hugh's apartment,Olive flipped open the lights.
It wasn't exactly a small place;there were many tall windows and even a balcony facing the ocean to widen and brighten the room. (Their apartment was situated in a very gorgeous place,and he thanked God almost everyday for this opportunity.)
Upon opening the lights,the girl gasped at the vast amount of indoor plants hung and stood around in the apartment. Flowers littered the whole place,hanging plants hanging from every nook of the ceiling. Small indoor trees were stationed at the edges of almost every corner,giving a very Fiona-esque vibe to the whole room. A beautiful combination of art and plants.
Then it hit Olive. Fiona... Hugh still isn't over it then,it seemed.
Hugh,sensing Olive's thoughts,replied with his voice slightly cracking,"One of these days,she'll show up. I know it."
Olive sighed,knowing that when he got like this,there was no way to convince him otherwise. Instead,she decided to change the topic from their lost friend to Claire.
"So,will we be sleeping here or..?" she gestured towards the couches in front of them.
"In the living room? God,no! I'll be sleeping here as you two take my bed," he said smiling gently at her. Claire stirred softly in his arms. "Come now,let me take out the extra pillows for your expense,"
Almost an hour later,the duo had brushed their teeth,gotten in their pajamas,and were ready to sleep. Currently,Olive was alone in the large bedroom,tucked in tightly next to Claire's sleeping and peaceful form. She took a while to drink in the environment before standing up and walking over to the living room.
Peering from the other end of the wall,Olive watched as Hugh watered the plants,whispering hidden encouragements as he gently stroked the leaves of each and every single one without fail,gazing longingly at them.
He really did miss her. Six years had done nothing to righten the wrong,if anything add to the guilt weighing on his chest,the idea 'why didn't I volunteer instead?' echoing through his hollow heart. She knew he blamed himself tremendously for her death,constantly denying his innocence and just repeating;"I could've stayed with them too. I could've been there with them. I could've protected them."
Olive sighed heavily and turned around to quietly tiptoe back to the bedroom. Some things just can't be fixed,she realized.—
IMMA MAKE A PART TWO OF THIS ASDFGHJKL

Hello lovely readers!
First,I'd like to thank you guys immensely for sticking with me,reading,favoriting,following,and supporting me! I'm forever thankful for every single one of you!
Underneath this,you're going to see small previews for my upcoming chapters. With school starting sometime soon,I haven't been exactly the freest I could've been,and I apologize for the break.
So without further ado,here are my two upcoming chapters,with a list of chapters that I will start working on soon,:)
Title:Breakfast Wonders.Fandom:M.P.H.F.P.C.Characters:AllWarnings: Nope...Rating:T (Safe)Genre:Friendship/Romance
DISCLAIMER:I DO NOT OWN MPHFPC OR ANY OF THE CHARACTERS. ALL CHARACTERS BELONG TO RANSOM RIGGS.a/n: ASDFGHJKL MY CHILDREN I LOVE THEM SM AHAHAHAHAHAHHA
IMPORTANT NOTE! - THIS TAKES PLACE IN THE 'HOURS OF THE DAY' UNIVERSE/FUTURE,SO MAKE SURE YOU READ CHAPTER 16 (HOURS OF THE DAY) BEFORE THIS !—SATURDAY,AUGUST 24TH | 8:13 AM | JACOB &EMMA'S APARTMENT
The engagement ring sat comfortably on Emma's finger as she smiled gently towards it. It wasn't too extravagant,a very traditional piece of jewelry with only a simple diamond upon the face. It's been almost three months since Jacob proposed,and she still couldn't believe it;the feeling of the ring sending more then just butterflies tripping into her stomach.
The sun shown slightly through their curtains as Jacob groaned,turning his back away from the intruding light. Emma had to stifle her laughter at the sight of his utter distaste and disapproval of the morning's golden sunlight streaming in. When realizing that merely turning his back didn't work,he reached for his pillow and put it over his head tiredly.
"Why," he muttered slowly,the word dragging itself out in exhaustion,muffled underneath the heaviness of the pillow. "Why on earth is it so bright,so early?"
Emma laughed as she reached towards him underneath the blankets.
"Maybe it's earths way of telling you to get up," she grinned,blowing hot air onto his neck and watching him writher as she wrapped her arms around him from his back.
"But it's so early...? And it's a Saturday...?" he questioned quizzically,attempting to turn around in her embrace to look her in the eyes. "Remind me again why we need to get up early today?"
"Because," she replied as he successfully wiggled around to face her. "Today is our breakfast reunion,remember?"
Jacob looked confused for a split second before realization hit and he rolled his eyes in acknowledgement. "That was today?"
Emma nodded.
"Oh man,I totally forgot..." he rubbed a hand over his face,his ring visible and beautiful on his finger. Emma kissed his nose.
"I can see. Now,get up,we have a lot of work to do,"
And with that final note,Emma threw him a pillow teasingly and hopped off the bed,making her way to the kitchen.
Title:Drop To Your Knees.Fandom:M.P.H.F.P.C.Characters:ALLWarnings:PLEASE REFER BELOW.Rating:T+/+ (^ LOOK BELOW)Genre:Angst/Pain/Loss
MULTIPLE TRIGGER WARNINGS! (MAJOR WARNING AREA WILL HAVE ** BEFORE AND AFTER IT)—
He'd never been so scared before.
He couldn't even breath;barely choking on the bit of air seeping through the cuts in the cloth wrapped painfully around his eyes. Gasping,coughing,he felt his body fall limp as far as it could physically go,his arms restrained to the wall behind him in bloodied chains. He tasted blood,his busted lip leaking with every attempt he made at an escape.
Heavy boots clicked in their direction,the entire hallway echoing with a single warning. They're coming,the walls seemed to scream. They'll finish you off for good this time.
A rabid,guttural scream erupted around him and he yanked violently at his arms,desperately trying to reach him,to reach her,to reach someone. Anyone.
Hugh!
Yet the more he flailed the deeper the chains sawed into his flesh,drawing what little blood that was still left in his body. Something warm splattered onto his bare chest as Hugh's screams grew by tenfold. A single thought was gnawing Jacob,begging for attention. He pushed it away. The sound of chains mixed so fluidly with the the job of their captors that the thought of anyone being in the room was beyond belief.
Another scream flared from his right,the sound significantly more light then then Hugh's,pitched almost octaves higher. He didn't need to second guess anything in order to figure out who the voice belonged to.
List of Upcoming Chapters:(this is basically my notes)
1. They go the movies and freak out about how huge and awesome it is.2. The boys playing video games and not stopping until Emma/Bronwyn/Miss P intervenes.3. Jacob and the kids build a fort from pillows and blankets with Emma &Bronwyn just wondering what the hell is going on. Later,Enoch comes and pulls it apart jokingly,only for the kids and Jacob to lunge at him and whoops now everyones having a pillow fight,hope nothing breaks...4. Jacob goes to a university meet up with Millard and he's just so fascinated,like wowowowowowow what's all this ?5. Jacob drives Hugh to a Save the Bees parade/protest and when he comes to pick him up again he's chatting excitedly with some people and when he sees Jacob he runs over to the car and says something like 'loOK AT THE PIN THEY GAVE ME ASDFGHJKL' and he's just so happy,pure bby bee6. It's literally murderously hot outside and Jacob remembers that he has an inflatable pool...hmmm...what could this possibly lead to...
I hope this was some sort of exciting for you guys!
Leave a comment about which chapter you'd like to see first,from the two that I've shown previews of. I'm excited to hear from you guys!:)

Title:Drop To Your Knees.Fandom:M.P.H.F.P.C.Characters:ALLWarnings:PLEASE REFER BELOW.Rating:T+/+ (^ LOOK BELOW)Genre:Angst/Pain/Loss
MULTIPLE TRIGGER WARNINGS! PLEASE I BEG YOUBE AWARE OF THIS.MENTIONS OF TORTURE,PHYSICAL ABUSE,AND JUST GENERAL VIOLENCE.
DISCLAIMER:I DO NOT OWN MPHFPC OR ANY OF THE CHARACTERS. ALL CHARACTERS BELONG TO RANSOM RIGGS.a/n: this idea came to me one night while I was having a really bad time with my insomnia. please excuse me while I go cry.—NECESSARY DESCRIPTION:While out to run an errand for Miss Peregrine,Hugh,Emma,and Jacob are quietly captured by a group of the remaining wights who had found a way to escape (or not even get involved) in the happenings with Caul at the Spirit Pool. Upon waking,the peculiars find themselves locked in a dim basement where the wights torture the three for information and general entertainment until the rest of the gang finds what's left of the broken children.—
He'd never been so scared before.
He couldn't even breath;barely choking on the bit of air seeping through the cuts in the cloth wrapped painfully around his eyes. Gasping,coughing,he felt his body fall limp as far as it could physically go,his arms restrained to the wall behind him in bloodied chains. He tasted blood,his busted lip leaking with every attempt he made at an escape.
Heavy boots clicked in their direction,the entire hallway echoing with a single warning. They're coming,the walls seemed to scream. They'll finish you off for good this time.
A rabid,guttural scream erupted around him and he yanked violently at his arms,desperately trying to reach him,to reach her,to reach someone. Anyone.
Hugh!
Yet the more he flailed the deeper the chains sawed into his flesh,drawing what little blood that was still left in his body. Something warm splattered onto his bare chest as Hugh's screams grew by tenfold. A single thought was gnawing Jacob,begging for attention. He pushed it away. The sound of chains mixed so fluidly with the the job of their captors that the thought of anyone being in the room was beyond belief.
Another scream flared from his right,the sound significantly more light then then Hugh's,pitched almost octaves higher. He didn't need to second guess anything in order to figure out who the voice belonged to.
It was Emma.
As if words didn't exist,his throat rubbed raw when he opened his mouth in useless protest. It's funny,how even with his exhausted body he still managed to somehow find the strength in which to go against his vile,cruel,disgusting captors. But in this moment of absolute fury he couldn't help but feel worthless,helpless,as if a block was simply placed in his brain cutting off all laws of logic. He couldn't handle it,neither of them. It tore apart his heartstrings to hear their agonized cries as the wights practiced their excruciatingly painful belief on them,cutting and gnawing at every bit of their bodies and destroying their minds while at it too. Because which of them would ever go home sane again right? Who could ever fathom to find peace and love and anything good again after the gruesome events taking place that very night in this very basement.
Tears spilled from his swollen eyes. He can't find it in himself to hold them back anymore,can't find the strength to look anything but what he really is;a pathetic,weak,seventeen year old wimp with nothing special about him.
He heard a sickening sound that he couldn't even fathom coming from a person,and in that moment he swore that the minute he broke loose he would sever his captors heads from their bodies,smiling as their detached skulls rolled across to the floor. Just fantasizing about it made his mouth water and heart pump in anticipation.
Bloodcurdling shrieks trembled through the thin air,shaking every atom in its wake. Another pair of footsteps,and someone tore off the clothe around his eyes.
The bright light burned his retinas,piercing through his pupils. The man standing in front of him took a tight hold of his jaw,spitting on his unrecognizable face before thrusting him towards the wall again.
"Useless." the man grunted through gritted teeth. "Every. Single. One. USELESS!" as the man shot his head up,Jacob saw what he'd been fearing to see. Milky white pupils gazed back at his broken face,drinking in the very fact that 'the Hollow Slayer' was here,that he was broke,and that he was dying.
In all honesty he doubted that he'd last very long after this. Neither him,nor Hugh. Poor Hugh,his friend,best friend even,dying in the cell next to his. What a way to go. A violent tremor rocking through him as the man raised his crowbar higher.
It didn't even take one blow. What a weakling he was. Blood pooled down from his back as he coughed up bile. He couldn't take much more of this.
The man picked up his crowbar high in the air once more. "Lets have some fun,shall we?" he asked,a disgusting grin spreading across his sharp features. With emptiness staring back at him,he braced himself for the pain that was to come.—
"Kids we can do this all day." the wight said,sharpening what seemed to be some sort of knife.
Cutting loose her ropes,he yanked Emma over,his dirty fingernails digging painfully into her bound arms. His throat tore into shreds as he let out a scream,pleading,begging for them to spare her. To leave her be.
"Don't," Hugh croaked from beside him. It wasn't until a guard knocked the wind out of his lungs that he noticed it was a lost cause. What power did any of them have over this? He lifted his head slowly,seeing the wight pull her bloodied hair back and lifted her jaw to face him.
"You know what? I have no use for this one anymore." the man spat,thrusting her limp form to the ground. She crumbled before she even hit the floor.
Had he bleached his eyes,Jacob still wouldn't be able to get the image of the situation out of his head;three officers dragging a broken,weeping body into the eery darkness.
"Please," she whimpered,her fading voice echoing with what little strength she had. "Please."
Emma's quiet protests pierced through Jacobs mind as as a sob racked through his spine. Let her go, his mind weeped. Just,let her go!—
Her voice cracked as she tried her best to inch away from her predators,them laughing as they talked about their day as if she wasn't even there. In a sense,she was relieved,their words were slipping through her ears and soon it became hard to understand,to interpret.
She tried to inch away unnoticed while they were conversing,to connect to her pyrokinesis,to burn her captors,but the asbestos sheets covering her hands prevented her from doing any such thing. Not only that,but they also brought up too many painful memories for her liking. Tears streamed out of her eyes in a constant flood as she tried to work her way out of her bondages.
She understood very early on that there was no use trying to fight her way out of this battle. She'd already lost.
And so knowing she'd been beat,she shut her eyes tightly waiting for what she knew was about to come.
But it didn't.
Instead,the screeching bellow of a Hollow pierced fiercely through the air. She crumpled to the corner into a tight ball as the guards arose in panic and confusion,not having heard that sound since the Great Explosion. Through her hair and sweater she saw the men being swallowed whole,and for the first time she saw what Jacob could see. In horror she gazed at the large being,black and tall with hideous tentacles tearing apart the officers. Slime trickled down to the floor and she had to turn away.
If this is how she died,then she wanted to at least spare herself the fear.
"Emma!"
She looked up quizzically,her eyes wild.
There,clear in front of her,stood Hugh and Jacob,leaning tremendously on one another for support. Jacob looked drained and Hugh could've been better,but they were there,and they were alive. Oh how happy she was to see them.
Jacob turned to Hugh and said something,inaudible from where Emma sat curled,and Hugh nodded as they broke apart. Jacob,resting on the desk in the room for support,turned to the Hollow which had turned invisible once again,having finished his feast. He began to talk in hollowspeak,wincing as he did so. But nonetheless the Hollow put his head down,and Jacob (struggling tremendously as he did so) climbed onto his back. He turned to them in triumph later.
By then,Hugh had reached her,and was attempting to help her stand,but to no avail. Her foot was badly twisted,having been dragged into the room,and she couldn't bear to lay her weight on. So Hugh,doing the only thing he could think of,gently picked her up and limped over to the Hollow.
Jacob immediately reached down as the Hollow put down his head once more,pulling of Emma,and then Hugh. Once on the Hollow they collapsed into each other's arms.
"How?" Emma began,befuddled by the appearance of the Hollow.
"Miss P,she must've figured where we were," he panted,spitting blood out of his mouth afterwards. "They must've brought the captured one we left in Myron's mansion,knowing I'd be able to sense and connect to it,"
Hugh had been silent throughout the explanation,and looking back to him they saw his body slumping on Jacob's back,exhausted beyond belief,shaking,trembling,and crying as blood ran down his weak body.
"Please," he begged quietly. "Just get us out."—
Once getting the hollow,the rest had been fairly simple. Kill the guards (no mercy,as they had none for them) and break out of the basement.
While Jacob controlled and maneuvered the Hollow,Emma sat behind Hugh slowly cauterizing the worst of his wounds. He hissed in pain,his arm around Jacob's waist,his head buried tightly between his shoulder bones. Jacob's own cuts sent agonizing spikes up and down his brain but he couldn't lose focus now. So he bottled it up,and continued wrecking havoc.
"Almost done Hugh," Emma encouraged quietly. Hugh squeezed what little clothing was around Jacob as the sound of burning skin echoed through the room. It made Jacob want to gag. He didn't know if he could keep this up anymore.
A few more rooms,a few more deaths,and then there was light.
They burst through the door quickly,and the Hollow lowered the three broken souls onto the ground as their friends ran over to their aid.
The last to get off was Jacob,who looked as if his eyes wouldn't focus,his head spinning wildly and his heart barely beating.
Hugh stumbled off,and Miss Peregrine wrapped a blanket around him protectively,ushering him into the van that was waiting in the distance. Even the cold Enoch seemed worried out of his mind as he grabbed his friend and helped him into the car. Muttering words of encouragement,Olive rushed from behind them.
Next was Emma,who Horace helped down,and even offered to carry her to the van,(she refused) and instead wrapped a blanket on her frail body too;wrapping his arms protectively around his friend. Off they went.
"Come down Jacob!" Miss Peregrine yelled worriedly,but she could see something was off. He didn't look like he was there consciously.
"Is he alright...?" Millard asked,concern clear in his voice.
And with a final breath,he collapsed,falling off the Hollows back.
"Jacob!"
—
KDNAISJALS I AM SO SORRY I STARTED WRITING THIS BACK IN THE BEGINNING OF AUGUST AND I WAS HAVING SLEEPING PROBLEMS AND I DIDN'T KNOW HOW SAD THIS WOULD END UP BEING I AM SO SO SORRY
Also! I'm starting a Stranger Things ficlet series sometime this before 2016 ends hopefully (idk when) and an Infernal Devices ficlet series (charlotte and henry based) that I already made the cover and all for. It's going to be called 'Steadfast Love' and I hope I can start that soon.
As for this ficlet,worry not bc I'll be continuing just as much as I can! I still have the list from the 'Upcoming Chapter's' chapter and am working on them as you read this. With moving to a new state &school it's been a little hard to adjust,but I'm getting used to it. So I hope to update more frequently,and probably on the weekends.
Thank you for sticking with me,and I hope you leave a comment about what you thought of this chapter (or whole thing in general)! I love hearing from you guys so much,and appreciated it tons when you guys leave kind messages for me to see. It makes my motivation spike by tenfold.
Love you all!
~ M.

Title:To Fix You.Fandom:M.P.H.F.P.C.Characters:Hugh,Emma &JacobWarnings: Ehhhh...*sweats*Rating:T (Safe)Genre:Angst/Family
DISCLAIMER:I DO NOT OWN MPHFPC OR ANY OF THE CHARACTERS. ALL CHARACTERS BELONG TO RANSOM RIGGS.a/n: I'm so sorry I need a minute...
IMPORTANT NOTE! - THIS TAKES PLACE AFTER 'DROP TO YOUR KNEES' SO MAKE SURE YOU READ CHAPTER 18 BEFORE THIS !—
The pain had gotten significantly lighter since Miss Peregrine had applied the salve onto his bruises. He'd always thought he could take a beating,but not like this. She rubbed the cold cream onto his back and arms slowly,making sure that each of his wounds had enough care and attention to heal. She hadn't spoken a word since she'd come into the room,and frankly,he didn't really want to speak anyway. He was afraid that if he opened his mouth,he wouldn't be able to get a single functioning phrase across. Perhaps he was also afraid of what she'd say too,what she'd think when she found out that when as they were abducted he couldn't even help his friends escape. He looked down in renewed shame.
"Jacob," she began,her voice cracking slightly. "I haven't know you that long,but please stop blaming yourself. There was nothing you could've done." Miss Peregrine had stopped spreading the salve,reading his mind. "It was my fault. I shouldn't have sent you kids out alone."
He looked up,his left eye swollen. There were words there,but he couldn't get to them,couldn't unlock his mind into saying whatever it was he wished to say. He opened his mouth,and closed it again,gulping the tightness of his throat down.
"I'll send Emma in to cauterize your cuts." she said,avoiding his gaze. Then,saying nothing more,Miss Peregrine stood,bid him a goodnight,and left the room with her limp.
When the door clicked shut,his eyes spilled over the tears he'd been trying so hard to keep at bay. Wiping at them furiously he leaned back,hissing loudly as the large wound in his back rubbed against his pillow. Cursing quietly,he readjusted his position.
Why did he have to be so weak?
"Hey," a soft whisper came from the doorway,and he perked his head up,heart stopping. She looked like death itself,although he probably looked much worse than her. Her hair was tied in a short messy way,clearly out of frustration. His eyes trailed down to her wrists and she noticed,trying her best to cover the marks the asbestos clothe had scarred her with. Dark circles decorated her eyes,her consciousness at the verge of collapsing.
"Sit," was all he could croak through his dry mouth,having seen her in such a way intensifying the knot that had grown in his throat. She strode over and sat down next to him. "There - there's a cut on my back," he turned his back to her,facing the wall. She took a sharp breath,wincing at the sight. He hadn't seen it himself,and truthfully didn't wish to,but her reaction couldn't have meant anything good.
"I need you to cauterize it," he shut his eyes tightly. Jacob could almost here her denial.
"I - I can't," she began unsurely,her voice cracking halfway. He turned slightly back,looking at her with what little he could do.
"Please,"
"Jacob it's not,I just - I can't," no heat was reverberating off of her and Jacob tensed as he wondered;what's holding her back? She rest a hand on his thigh gently,and whispered loud enough so that just his ears received her words. "I can't see you writhing like this."
This time,he turned around fully to face her broken face,trying to catch her eye.
"That doesn't stop you any other time," he tried for humor,but her face betrayed no sign of a smile,and his own faltered. "Please Em," his fingers guided her face upwards. "If anything,I'll be in more pain if you don't,"
She looked at him,her eyes beholding such a deep level of agony that his throat faltered. Oh,my strong Emma. Why do you do this to yourself?
"Ok," a small smile flickered on her lips through the tears that were spilling through her swollen eyes. "I'll do it."
There were a few things you needed to know about cauterization before actually going through with it. One,you need to know that your skin is going to be singed in order to prevent heavy bleeding and infection,so that the burned skin can melt into each other and cover the wound. Second,you need something to squeeze,because it's very,very painful. While Jacob knew both of these,he still couldn't prepare himself for what was to come.
He lay face down on his bed,clutching his blankets as Emma got on top of him,her hands radiating heat above his back. "Ready?"
Jacob squeezed his eyes shut and grunted. "Yes."
As her hands came in contact with his wound,he let out the most guttural scream of agony,his teeth grinding painfully against one another in absolute protest. This was going to be harder the he expected.—
Horace shut his eyes and rubbed his temple as the sound of Jacob's wails echoed throughout the house. All the peculiars were shaken by what they found upon discovering the location of their friends. No matter how much they could've possibly thought about this,they never would've expected it to be this bad. None of them were sure of what to do.
For one,Bronwyn was angered beyond belief. Once the absence of their friends had grown a little too long for their liking,Miss Peregrine had set up to find them via her bird form,asking her fellow ymbryne friends to accompany her in the search. In the end it was Miss Avocet that had seen "strange men" walking into the basement of the house down the street. She later insisted that it was the least she could do for the headmistress,since it was her kids that had found them in their time of need.
No matter how much Bronwyn had wanted to go with them to save their friends,she had to stay back and reassure a worried Claire that their friends were alright. "She's too young to see what we might see there," Miss Peregrine had argued.
When they carried the three of them through the doors,her heart had dropped as she covered the younger girl's eyes protectively. How could they do this to my friends?
Jacob was passed out and slung over Millard's shoulder,Emma was slightly conscious but confused,being carried by Horace and Enoch. Miss Peregrine and Olive helped Hugh stand upright,although he didn't look like he was too awake either. He could only walk until the living room when he passed out on the couch,staining the fabric with blood.
And now they were all glancing at one another anxiously,awaiting news on their behalf. Miss Peregrine had done Emma first,since her wounds had been the least severe. The only time they saw her was when she exited the girl's room and entered Jacob's,not willing to spare a glance at her friends.
But how she looked told enough.
Millard paced the room anxiously,glancing worriedly at the door every now and then to make sure it was locked.
"Will you please stop? I'm getting dizzy just watching you," Enoch spat bitterly,his hand covering his eyes. Bronwyn glanced at Horace,who gave her a worried smile.
Just as the tension was getting heavier,Hugh limped quietly into the room.
Upon entrance,everyone stared at him,Horace and Millard rushing over to help him stand. He smiled at them thankfully,his busted lip leaking blood.
"Thanks," he rasped as the two boys helped him lay down next to Bronwyn. Hugh inched towards her,seeking comfort,as she began to play with his hair. He loved it when she did this because it was so maternal,so warm and family-like. It made him feel like he had a sister,something he's always wanted,yet never been granted.
And for the first time since escaping,his pain was merely background noise. This haven that he was in,with his family (he considered everyone in this household family after everything they've done for him) was better then any painkiller.
He closed his eyes peacefully as Henry the Bee flew out of his mouth.
—
AISHDAOISOJLZASHJAKSJHDJ SORRY THIS WAS SO QUICK I WROTE IN LIKE AN HOURAlso don't forget to leave a comment because I absolutely love reading them!
Love you all!
~ M

Hello lovely readers!
First,I'd like to thank you guys immensely for sticking with me,reading,favoriting,following,and supporting me! I'm forever thankful for every single one of you!
Underneath this,you're going to see small previews for my upcoming chapters.
So without further ado,here are my two upcoming chapters,with a list of chapters that I will start working on soon,:)
Title:Breakfast Wonders.Fandom:M.P.H.F.P.C.Characters:AllWarnings: Nope...Rating:T (Safe)Genre:Friendship/Romance
DISCLAIMER:I DO NOT OWN MPHFPC OR ANY OF THE CHARACTERS. ALL CHARACTERS BELONG TO RANSOM RIGGS.a/n: ASDFGHJKL MY CHILDREN I LOVE THEM SM AHAHAHAHAHAHHA
IMPORTANT NOTE! - THIS TAKES PLACE IN THE 'HOURS OF THE DAY' UNIVERSE/FUTURE,SO MAKE SURE YOU READ CHAPTER 16 (HOURS OF THE DAY) BEFORE THIS !—SATURDAY,AUGUST 24TH | 7:50 AM | HUGH'S APARTMENT
Hugh woke with a jolt,his heart beating a thousand miles per hour and his eyes seeing double in the early morning light.
FIONA!
Anxiously he turned his head to the side,the empty spot next to him taunting him forever as he squeezed his eyes shut,his hands pressed tightly against his ears.
Fiona...
As the adrenaline from his nightmare died down,he found himself leaning his hand onto his hands,the palms of his hands pressed against his closed eyelids. This was the third time this month,and as her birthday grew closer,he grew more tired. Tired of seeing plants with no vibration of sweet energy,tired of eating fruits and vegetables without the spike of her touch,tired of smelling flowers without her sweet scent.
He was simply tired of her absence.
Hugh knew all too well that to dwell in the past was to poison your future,yet no matter how many times he tried to tear himself away from her roots,Fiona's dainty arms found their way back to his neck,choking him gently with all the force of a breeze.
The coldness of where her fingers were supposed to be never left his hands.
The Fiona-shaped hole that that was torn from his life still sucking in his happiness,a black hole where she used to be.
He looked over to his the clock fixated upon his bed.
7:53 AM.
He sighed heavily,throwing the covers off of the bed and trudging over to the bathroom to start getting ready. As happy as the occasion was,Hugh realized all too well that today was going to be a long day.—SATURDAY,AUGUST 24TH | 8:39 AM | JACOB &EMMA'S APARTMENT
"Emma!" Jacob bellowed from the kitchen,playing around furiously with the dials of the oven. After a while,he heard the vacuum's energy go out,and Emma trailed into the room.
"Did you call me?" she asked,coming over to the counter to see what he was up to. He looked up at her from the floor.
"Yea,the oven's gas is out again;can you quickly light it for me?" he asked sheepishly. She looked at him bemusedly before summoning a bright flame on her fingertips and sticking it under the stove. The oven blazed to life as Jacob instinctively jumped back.
"Whoa," he smiled. "Still not used to that,"
Emma laughed quickly before pecking him on the cheek,returning to the living room to continue vacuuming.
Jacob smiled,rubbing the place her lips had left affectionately. He knew he'd made the right choice.
—
I PROMISE THIS CHAPTER IS WORTH THE WAIT GUYS!
I HAVE NOT FORGOTTEN YOU!
3
~ M

Y'ALL THOUGHT I WAS DEAD DIDN'T YOU
I DID TOO IT'S OK
School's just been whipping my butt but I've been finding some spare time here and there lately and hopefully will be able to update this story! Lots' o 'love from M! (that's me:D)
