Hullo peculiar readers! Greetings,greetings! I am delighted that you clicked this one amidst all the other fantastic reads among the fandom x Thank you,thank you! It took me quite a while to think this publish through,but the idea had been bugging me for days! The Me Before You trailer has been in my head for quite a while now and as requested by my blabbering thoughts,I decided to give in to them and typed. This'll shut em up.
Introduction
The world revolves with clumsy footsteps and hidden smiles,strangers ignoring passerby's and lonely fingers itching to find something to hold. Though in the midst of individuality,souls would do so often bump to specific distinct vagabonds,familiarity forms,gaps fill with comforting intervals,silence became a conversation two pair of eyes exchange. Somewhere in the vast distance and depth of the world,that peculiar meeting comes,it bear strength and reassurance,it leads to that one lingering soul.
In some countries,soul mates are depicted in different bizarre ways. Some say it was by the comparisons of physical attributes on two differing individuals,and some even say unseen red strings float all around the world,connecting two destined souls to help them find a way to each other. Nobody has the exact reasoning of such sensational belief,though as what the girl who's light as a feather would say:"Where's the fun in that?" It was probably unexplainable and lacking of evidence,or simply it was because,as the pessimist heir of undertakers would say:"Nobody has time for that"
Yet,as lacking and impossible it sounds,still their souls cross paths in the same direction. It was not as vague as a circle. It was not seen right away,nor was it already sensed. They were traveling in a loop with opposite ends.
Still though,in the end,they seem to always meet halfway.

Prologue:Phase One
If one would ask her just what the bloody hell was going on,she would mentally breakdown and beg for you to carry her up to the remaining five threatening staircases that seemed so far from her heavy and painful feet. Claire Densmore had never been so exhausted in her entire life,let alone in the field of modeling where she was always expected to move faster than a sprinter in a field;she learned how to cloth herself in towering gowns in less than half of five minutes,that could be a world record. She was running a little late for that morning shoot and to top it all off,the elevators were all under maintenance. Dressed with that heavy wedding gown she was supposed to model,she thought she could survive the towering ten staircases. Well,the tinted cheeks,bewildered eyes and messy bun could certainly drop everyone and her own mind the hint.
And understood they did. Once she reached the heavy,painful doors of the photo shoot,she was bombarded with the staff overwhelming her with portable fans and dabbing make up products all at once on her comical face.
"Where the bloody hell were you Claire? Did you forgot how to tell time all of a sudden?" Excluded in that group of people who 'patiently' waited for her was the co founder of the wedding company she partially works with. He was a well respected wedding planner as well as the more dominant boss in the complex. Between Horace Somnusson and Enoch O'Connor,people would most likely want to deal with the stylist more often than the cranky latter.
"My apologies Claire,he was just worried you backed out on us at the last minute" She might've though,if it wasn't for Horace and his persuasive manner. Besides,did she not survive her young years in Miss Peregrine's home with them? Mostly with Horace because Enoch was just that extra kid who could go home if he wanted to. She owes alot to her fashion forward friend,he helped her get the dream she always aspire to have. Enoch could go rant in the corner like the sour kid he once was.
"Nonsense Horace,why would I do that to you?"
"Your agency should be aware of this Claire,this is highly unprofessional" The fuming boy-man interrupted,his face was the same sour look he mustered a while while back from their childhood.
"Why couldn't I be late while you,on the other hand,could skip work for three days straight?" She frowned back,tensing in her posture as she felt herself being outcasted by his demanding composure. She knows her position,barely even touching the middle ground of his ladder,but in that room,they were suddenly Alma Peregrine's children again,spatting banters with one another like siblings in one warm house. How she missed those children dearly.
"And look at what you did with Horace's original design? You should be ashamed Claire Densmore" He ignored Claire's question and instead,continued ranting with his' problems regarding her work ethics,which infuriated her quite more than she thought it would. Horace once stated that they were definitely siblings in some point of their lives. They always seem to know how to depend on one another even if they are one step close to stabbing each other with forks.
"Well,if you had the elevators fixed before the day even started,maybe this could still be sweat and wrinkles free"
"But the elevators are working quite well,dear?"
Silence wrapped around the hectic holding room. Claire's eyes were a measurement wider and Horace was earnestly confused. Then,as if that was enough suspense for the day,the cranky man's frown relaxed and his throat pealed a loud mocking laughter.
"Serves you right for being delayed," he revealed.
Enoch wanted to make her suffer. And suffer she did.
She remembered the times chaos would ensue in the house. Being the youngest of all the children under Alma's care was both a privilege and a tiring role . Commonly,she tends to be defenseless,and Enoch loves picking with the younger children. Too bad he left the same week Olive entered their lives,she was as sneaky and as competitive as he was. He might've loved her. Everybody loves the little magpie.
"That was extremely rude of you Enoch" Horace tutted in disapproval,disbelieved by his immature and merciless actions. Though what is new with that,honestly?
"You know what he needs Horace? An assistant"
"Incase you have forgotten Miss Punctuality,nobody could stay longer than a week with me," he crossed his arms on his chest,his dark eyes glinting with pride. The prat took it as an achievement.
"Yeah? Keep on with that and you'll only have two people left in this business. And that's probably because that man next to you treats you like a brother and I,on the other hand,owe a lot of things to that person"
Claire and Horace know how dangerously close that downfall could be. The man needs someone who could do his biddings in a less painful manner. If he would not be willing to compromise any sooner,whatever that is left in their success would come crashing down in front of his eyes.
"Go ahead then,I would like to prove you wrong"
"And so would she. Just you wait Enoch"
She smirked at him,her own mind buzzing with ideas. She may not be skilled with pranking but she was enlightened by the scheme she has in her head. It has to work. Enoch would need that certain human to render him witless. It would not be her,oh gosh certainly not her. But someone.
Someone who's optimistic enough to match his pessimism
Someone who's fiery and competitive enough,it'll wake him up from his cranky slumber.
Someone who's enthusiasm could shine the skies if his infinite rain that cloud his vision.
It must be the perfect time to catch up with Bronwyn and Olive.

Chapter One:the Catalyst 
As soon as she stepped out to greet the warm sun of Cairnholm,she was welcomed back by it's chilled breeze. The air passed by the strands of her fluffy blonde locks and immediately,she smelled the essence of the island's tranquil sea. Her senses were tingling and her lips cannot help but to form a smile. She felt as if the island actually waited for her to come home.
It had been such a long time since she last set her foot on it's soil after all.
After a few walks and one building exit later,amidst the open road and crowded boardwalks,a cabman's head perched up. He was awakened from his slumber,seemingly surprised to see a tourist in such an idle day in an even more plain island.
"Cab,madame?," the old man said
"Yes yes,can you take me here please?"
She slung her bag from her shoulder and fished for the worn out piece of paper that held the key for her answer.
The man stretched his arms and read the address to a tilted angle where the sun casted a beam of light. Once clear and precise,his eyes glanced at her then to the road infront of him.
"Oh,but this is just a few blocks ahead. Do you want to know the directions Ma'am? It could save you from wasting money"
Her heart tugged with the man's caring nature,seemingly surprised by how reasonable he was. From the looks of it,he seemed as if he actually does work hard,perhaps harder than she thinks he does. He was sporting weary lines upon his face and his eyes looked tired. Though despite his situation,he was still honorable.
She only smiled and whisked her way in the transportation. Do not get her wrong,she has received a fair share of kindness from strangers before,but it became so rare lately,especially in such a busy and popular city she lives in,the cab man was a breath of fresh air. In a busy and fast paced life she chose for herself,it was nice to come back to the simple life,where she could not see professionals out doing each other and lives were ordinary but people were content.
Without any other argument,he started the engine,his eyes were vaguely confused but focused.
"Welcome to Cairnholm Miss,it's not much but it's home"
"Welcome back indeed"
"Oh its a home coming aye? Welcome back Madame"
She smiled,a rush of distinct familiarity awakened the young Claire Densmore inside her. She leaned onto the glass pane of the cab,her forehead flat against the surface. Outside the moving vehicle,familiar street signs and old fashioned stores passed by,winking at her with their nostalgic titles.
Children run upon the cobbled streets,their faces shimming with happiness despite the mud that inked their shoes. Those students reminded her of the orphans that once lived in Miss Peregrine's care. Though they were abandoned,they had their home in each others company,they were brothers and sisters who swore they would always be family.
It saddened her to remember the last time they were all together. It was the death of their Headmistress,who in her last breath looked at them one by one with such warmth in her eyes. She was the rope that bind them all together,the reason why they found a family that they belong to. Everyone ceased from the thread once it was loosened.
Despite the success she's relinquishing in,there was a deep longing in her heart that yearned to have her family find their way back together again. She often blamed herself for it. Though her reasoning was weak,she often blamed herself for being the first one to snap. She left them once she received a modeling contract from a famous company in East London. Then one by one,each of them also stepped out from the bind and followed their own dreams. They momentarily forgot the magical place that built a home for them.
It was quite ironic though. She would help fate do it's work. She would be the one who'll strengthen one certain loop of two uncertain people.
"If I am not mistaken,this is you for now" The engine stopped as they met side to side with the cobble steps leading to a simple wooden door. She glanced at the golden plate that was identical to the name of the address written in the paper,seemingly convinced of the resemblance.
"Thank you for your kindness sir,it was much appreciated"
"Don't worry much of it child. Best of luck to you"
The cab scurried off,leaving her face to face with the flat that contained two of the people she holds dear. She took the door knocker in her hand,slamming it ever so softly against the rich wood underneath.
Worry filled her system as she realized how long it had been since she last spoke to them. It all just started to sink in as she realized that there was a big chance that Olive and Bronwyn might have already moved to a new space. It had been five bloody years already and she knew judging by Olive's pictures in her social media accounts that she was slowly making a name for herself as well.
Few soft footsteps could be heard from the wooden floor at the other side of the door. Then,slowly,the door creaked open,revealing the masculine face of a gentle woman.
"I cannot believe it. Little magpie,its little miss Claire" She was rushed inside before she got the chance to greet them properly. Bronwyn was still undeniably strong and inwardly gentle as how she pictured her to be. Giggles left her throat,she was utterly surprised and quite relieved. She thought they wouldn't remember,or worse,welcome her at all.
From the arching frame of the next room,Olive entered the scene. She grew up seemingly changed. That little tiara she once fabulously sported was replaced with a black hairband that tamed the brown bangs that gotten ridiculously long. She also recently cut it quite short;shorter than her usual mane that always end mid half her arms. Olive eyed the visitor with delight,then slowly,a pair of dimples shone upon her cheeks. The energy and optimism were still in her jolly personality.
"Claire Densmore? I cannot believe it. Bronwyn,we have a successful model in our flat." Olive attacked her in one of her bear hugs,her characteristics did not change.
"Come,come lets fill that flat tummy of yours. No one shall leave Magpie and Bronwyn's flat with a starving stomach"
She let Bronwyn and Olive lead her inside the arch the latter had come from. Olive from her left told her stories of the things that were currently happening in their lives. Those were with how well Bronwyn has been taking care of Miss Peregrine's home and being the Headmistress of the beloved house,Millard's rising success with being a professor in a prestigious university,his humble voluntary missions to educate the poor,and her conflict with the workshop she was invited to. On her right however,Bronwyn just glances and smiles encouragingly,her patience and calm demeanor were truly fit for guiding hyper children.
Once inside,Claire glanced around the place. It seemed that Bronwyn had spend too much time in decorating for it was written in every single side of every room,her influence. The flat was homely,most of the furnitures were wooden and the walls were cream of color. The stand outs were however,the framed portraits hanging upon the walls and upon the grand fireplace. She saw her own face in some of them.
They entered a south arch that welcomed them to the girls' dining and kitchen area.
Olive pulled one mahogany chair for her to sit on as she continued to delve the younger girl with stories.
"You are already sharp from all that workshops and classes you attend to,Olive. Why on earth are you so persuasive in this one?" From the kitchen,Bronwyn came back and slid them both a mug of hot chocolate. Once landing in front of them,the motherly woman scurried off once again.
"I have to widen my horizons. Besides,wouldn't it be grand if I dance and act? My theatre group and I agreed that would be the best for me"
Claire nodded but inside,she frowned. It seemed that her plan would pend on hold for now.
"You seemed to want it as well,what's holding you back then?"
"East London is too far away,and besides,I am not fortunate enough to balance my concentration in my skills and work as well. It'll go downhill the moment I would try to juggle it," she wrapped her hands to her own mug and slurped a few sips ",who knows? Maybe it wasn't the right time for me just yet"
Her ears perked as soon as she heard the location. Suddenly,her thoughts changed and she brought a new light bulb next to the old one that was twitching with uncertainty. Her plan took a sudden shift,though it was more detailed and would probably be more stressful and life changing to the two people involved.
"Funny you mentioned it. We could do something about that"
"About what?"
As if fate wanted for her plan to carry on,Bronwyn re-entered the picture in the right time. The woman was absolutely supportive in whatever makes them happy,no doubt she would coax her young housemate into accepting.
"I have this friend who is in deep need of a baby sitter. I think it is the right time for you to go Olive,it is a win-win situation. You'll have a place to sleep and he'll have you to assist him" She laid the cards upon the table,presenting her her aces and the deck's perfect assemble. Above the lid of her mug,Olive hummed thoughtfully,her expression was a mixture if excitement and doubt.
"I don't know Claire,I mean I am not level headed and realistic. And East London is so far from Bronwyn,I could not leave her"
"Don't mind me magpie,t'is a chance,grab it. I am certain that t'is would change your life fo'the better."
Despite the years being separated from them,Claire knew Olive still has her spark within her. She may have grown physically,but her eternally optimistic,shamelessly happy,and extremely passionate self was still there.
She knows it'll be quite a revelation,and she'll be risking her part in Enoch's company,but it was more than just a revenge. It was more of doing him a favor he hasn't recognized needing yet. At first,she was just planning to get Olive as his assistant in the business. To have someone close to home and in comfort might be a great solution for his stressors. And Olive would be the right match for that irritation.
But all took a sharp turn when fate entered and deepened the impending connection. They might not understand just what she is doing right now,but she's certain it'll turn out well. It better be,or else she'll be ruined.
"Well,when will we leave then?"
"Erm,this evening I suppose,that is if it's fine with you,Olive. I do not have anything but this clothes I'm wearing and my passport,this trip is sort of out of sheer impulse"
"I better start packing then. See you in a bit Claire"
Claire and Bronwyn sat staring at the retreating figure behind them,sipping in their mugs as nonchalant as possible. Once out of ear's reach,Bronwyn heaved a nervous sigh,her eyes were in their worried gaze. Claire sensed the older eoman's distress and she,out of instinct,collected Bronwyn's hands in her own ones and squeezed.
"You know her Bronwyn,she'll be alright. She's braver than we give her credit of"
"Miss Claire,I know she would. I trust her. But what about that man you're talking about? Could I trust him as well?"
By that,Claire squirmed in her seat,her excitement shone through the visible teeth shown by her stretched lips.
"Of course you would. You already know him Bronwyn. Although he is still the same pessimistic child that we know off." Bronwyn's eyes widen. She must've finally traced the dots Claire was leaving her to pinpoint. Right after following her words,her lines drew her the face of a blond boy with dark circles faint underneath his eyes. Beneath it was the name Enoch O' Connor.
"I did not know that Mister Enoch already welcomed his first child"
"What? No Bronwyn. Who says anything about children?"
Thank you so much for reading the very first chapter of this story! Please do leave a review,anything to keep it going:)

Chapter TwoOpposite Sides:Flying Magpie,Cold Wine
Everything happened way too soon. One moment she was in her sleeping clothes with bunny slippers clothing her feet,awaiting for evening to go by,then next,she was sitting fidgety in her plane seat,her yellow overalls and wooly cardigan she picked were of outside clothes,sunny and casual. Everything took a sharp shift. She also did not expect she would be flying to her dreams as well.
Glancing to the endless pile of cottony clouds outside the pane,she cannot help but to think of Wyn-wyn. That woman's heart was as soft as the clouds that looked way too much like cotton candy;she gave Olive a home when the latter thought she would always annoy people out. She became the mother and a sister Olive have always secretly wanted to have. She just has the biggest heart and she deserves the world.
"Are you okay Olive?"
"I'll make Wyn proud,mark my words Claire"
Beneath her thirst to thrive,she would also try her hardest for that kind woman. As she packed her things,her heart swelled with the notion that she'd finally contribute something for their joined lives. They have finance to worry and children to cloth and feed. Bronwyn might not say it out loud but sometimes,money does not come easily to such a prioritizing woman. All she ever does was to worry for people who sometimes,cannot see just how special she is. Olive would whole heartedly reward her the gratitude she deserves.
"I'm sure she's already proud. You should have looked at her face when we're leaving," Claire said gently,her lips stretching to a smile she seems to use for her covers in teenage magazines.
"Probably because she'll finally have the flat for herself. She's lacking of alone time with Sam lately,this is the perfect time to catch up"
There was a slight pause from her model friend. Claire looked at her with a rare warmth in her seemingly cold and always intimidating eyes. It seemed as if despite the professionalism being installed in the girl's system and the years spent being away,hiding her sentiments,she still has that soft spot for the siblings she had collected.
Olive mindlessly nodded,her head preoccupied by thoughts and curiosity.
"It has been such a long time Claire. I am so glad you've thought of us"
"I know Olive and I'm so terribly sorry. That's why I'm here,I would gladly repay everything you lot have done for me"
Suddenly,memories of a doll like Claire and a tiara wearing Olive flashed to their minds. They would so often sleep in one bed,Bronwyn on the center with a familiar book on hand. They loved it when the older girl would read them stories about peculiar children,it made them sleep well at night and helped them dream such ambitious dreams. Sometimes,Miss Peregrine would be there as well,giving them soft kisses on their foreheads to wish them a blessed night.
It was when everyone was in harmony,when they could not bear entertain the notion that they would soon leave and have their individual lives to take care of. When everything was fascinating and much better to experience when with darling friends.
"You need not to repay anything. Just giving me this opportunity is enough. Although I'm a bit uncertain what approach would I use to be honest,I want this to work so badly"
"Seriously speaking,you are entirely perfect for the job. You'll do fine,I promise"
As soon as Olive loaded her things to the private limousine,she already sensed that her stay would be one crazy roller coaster ride. The mysterious family's private driver for one was extremely chatty,but all around trying to hide something from her. And what even made her more agitated was Claire,she looked as if she knew what it was as well.
If only she was as smart as Sherlock Holmes,she could have deduced just what Claire was planning,but unfortunately,her mind was no mind palace. The secret was slowly eating her alive.
"How is he?"
"How is who?"
The driver,who Claire had introduced as Sharon,was enjoying having her knickers on a twist. He smiled teasingly through his mirror,his eyes glancing at her frowning face.
"That boy I am going to take care of,Sharon."
"A boy she said," he scoffed. Claire's eyes widened with disbelief and he glanced at her with his glint "quite a 'charming' one Miss Elephanta. I'm sure he'll be so 'overjoyed' to finally meet you" their secret was vaguely revealed. It lingered in the air and caressed Olive's nose teasingly. Fortunately,Olive did not breathe it in and was still as curious as she was before. She did not catch just what had been revealed infront of her.
"You make it sound like I'm going to take care of an attractive man who's in the same age as me" she instead,innocently fired back,the humor echoing to her silent giggle.
"No,no" Claire's voice however,was hurried. Her eyes were also worrying.
Immediately,that made her assume a false belief.
"Don't worry too much Claire. I could handle a little kid,not sure if he could handle me though" Olive winked at the distressed girl,trying to ease her from whatever it was she was thinking. She understood it now. Or so she thought she does. She was under the impression that Claire was just afraid to tell her just how much of a brat the spoiled boy must be.
"So what do you do Miss Elephanta?"
"Well,I dance in musicals and theatre productions. Sometimes,I also take shifts in the most interesting places. I worked as a cashier in this friendly tattoo parlor whenever I was free from dance practice. And oh,I also had a shift in a sex shop once,it was fun and odd but mostly,interesting," she stated,her smile did not falter one bit. The air of awkwardness loosen up and the ride turned slightly light. Claire hid her impressed smile underneath her handkerchief and Sharon just stared impressed "I don't know,I think its just so interesting to enter such an honest world amidst all the hidden agendas strangers have outside. I love being in a world where I am most true."
"Well,I think you are more than ready to handle this chaos"
Sharon passed by the intimidating fancy lots of the village. One by one Olive counted them with an index finger,staring at the passerby's that looked at her with unreadable faces. Her heart immediately tugged fast in her chest,her beaming smile becoming slightly forced but her eyes were strengthening their determination.
"Densmore's right,you are indeed the perfect suit for the job"
Little did she know,one certain man sat confused in his love seat,holding onto his wine that seemed to pour clarity in his thirsty throat.
As soon as they entered an innocent arching gate,Olive's eyes widen. The overwhelming feeling of feeling as if being belittled stabbed her like a knife burying itself on the Hopeless Romantic Romeo's chest. The trail that they were following lead them to a lonely manor. As if the citizens weren't enough with their stares,the intense house swallowed her with its deafening silence. She sensed how quiet it was,there was not any whisk of motion that pass by the lengthy windows. Not even a sound of a cricket whispered through the trailing trees. Yet,still,the black and white structure shouted modernism at her,almost as if it was daring her to come closer. Despite the weariness she felt,she still pressed on. Because where else would she go?
Olive did not speak for quite a while,not even when Sharon and Claire wished her some luck and left her to deal with her first day. She stood upon the manor's marbled steps,awaiting for a leaping majestic unicorn to sprung from the vast greenery. It was all too close gripped with reality,she suddenly felt exhausted.
"Get a grip on yourself you fart," she mumbled,shrugging off the negative feeling and brought her shoulders aback. One clumsy hand was raised from its usual position next to her hip,the other's index finger pointing to the small button that must've been the bell.
As soon as the pad of her finger pressed a force in the small box,everything momentarily blinked. Her eye sight went dark and so did the pale wooden door in front of her. She blinked once,twice,her body shocked and frigid.
"I've been waiting." There came a whispering voice somewhere just behind her shoulder. The mysterious being was too close,she could almost smell the mint and the small hint of grapes in their breath. Still though,the pores on her skin reacted;goose pimples were all over her neck and arms.
She turned around slowly,her face was an imprint of shock and fright. She could feel the aura of the person who decided to scare her to death;his towering figure was slightly hinted by the sticking blond strands that fell from his hat. Few shaky breaths escaped her lungs,her mouth was open to illicit a loud cry.
A small smirk from his face,an obvious grin upon hers'
Everything was quick and slightly nerve wrecking. One moment she was being cornered,then next she was tricking him back. She could feel the man-yes it was a tall man,hitch a surprised breath just a few inches above her forehead. Against the thick cloth of his sweater,she sported a wide grin,seemingly satisfied by his reaction.
Her arms tightened around his frame for quite a while,enjoying the stiff reaction of his chest.
"So am I and would still be if you do not let me in." She,again,caught him slightly off guard. He must've not expected her to revert back,let alone hug him even though she was unaware of who he might be. What he did not know,she was quite accustomed with such close proximity. She trained herself to get used of it because of her intimate numbers with dancing strangers.
"That is a great idea. You know what? I could probably do just that" She could feel the sarcasm behind the tone of his voice. Her eyes rolled in their sockets,having such challenge with the strange,sarcastic man.
"You won't"
"Why not?"
Her lips spread themselves into a dashing,cunning smile. Somehow,against the thick fabric,she knows he had felt it.
"Cause I'll outwit you again"
He shifted inside her arms and she automatically tightened her grip. She could tell from his body language that he does not receive hugs that much. He stiffens with every small movement her arms would do.
"Let go off me,I don't even know you"
"No"
"I cannot understand why"
"Because who knows what you'll do to me once I'll let go off you"
"Pfft,what would I need from you?"
"Alright,maybe you don't. But I just got a job here. Don't you think it would be delightful if we'll become friends."
The mysterious door that seemed to only stare at her a while ago bursted open. Light oozed forth,its gaze blinking at the two of them. Immediately,the man in front of her was given a face. Her warm brown orbs stared unblinking on his blue ones,seeing through patches of memories she cannot decipher.
"What took you so long Ronaldo?"
"My apologies Enoch,I did not know you've been loitering around outside," a man who looked quite younger than the snobbish man beamed sheepishly,the curly hair upon his head was as fluffy as his relaxing voice. "Oh,and who could this be? Didn't think you have it in you Enoch"
"Oh geez well,my-"
"She goes with the name Olive. And although I do so have it in me,you misunderstood her presence. She is by far childish in nature and I could already tell she'll annoy me more than you do,Ronaldo" The curly haired man moved sideways for Enoch to walk through. It looked as if it was what he normally does. She quirked her brows in question,staring at the back of the blond's head,utterly curious as to how he knew about her and what his role is in her stay.
What an overly weird slightly attractive man.
"I am offended"
"Glad I could give you the service"
Ronaldo glanced at the retreating figure,then to her,his sheepish smile reaching his bright eyes. He swerved down the small steps and reached out for the luggage that rests innocently on her feet.
He gestured for her to enter and she did.
She stepped hurriedly,relieved that she was finally making progress. The heavy,penetrating aura of the village became quite too much for her quirky nature.
"What brings you here Miss Olive?"
"I need a place to crash near the workshop I'm going to attend to. So thank you,I wouldn't reach it if it wasn't for the job you gave me"
"Job? We aren't recruiting"
"Well,that is suspicious" She said with an upbeat humor,glancing around,looking at fragile glasswares designs and heavy,serious faced portraits hanging to the spacious entrance. "This is certainly not child proofed isn't it? How would a child grow up here?"
Although she grew up being extremely brave from all that curiosity and bruises,the spiky,fragile glass all around looked quite deadly. The pad was shouting bachelor and it certainly gave her the vibe that the boy she's going to take care of would be challenging.
Ronaldo,instead of his usual mirth,furrowed his brows at her,looking at her weirdly. She blinked back,unsure of the humorous situation she continues to dig herself into.
The frigid man who was leading their trail stopped as well. He turned and glanced at them,his hands hidden behind his back. The chandelier above their heads was too bright,the man just few inches in front looked quite dim outside the light's soft rays. She was beginning to get creeped out by the scenario,imagining things that she way so often watch in horror movies Sam would often let her watch in her and Wyn's flat.
"Leave her to me Ronaldo"
Her eyes went wide and she swore she felt her hand reach out for the fluffy man who rolled her luggage. She begged with the expression upon her face,which did go noticed but was easily shrugged.
She gulped and tightened her fists. It was only her now,off to the lion's den. Oh where should she conjure the Daniel within her?
"Come with me Olive"
"What if I don't want to?"
"Say bye bye to your clothes and bunny slippers then"
"Hey those were the fluffiest slippers you'll ever see"
The grumpy lion did not speak and instead,pressed on. She still followed though,lifting her head,tilted to a proud manner.
Who's she kidding? She's no Daniel. Perhaps,she was little red riding hood,off to the hearth of the wolf's pressing hunger. She knew she should muster the David within her,throw pebbles to the wind and fight the giant against her. But she spends her days with her spontaneous behavior,she was well acquainted with her personality. She knows she was way too curious and stupid to even think about her escape.
"Just so you know,I'm flexibly quick. I could strangle you before my whole name could leave from your mouth" And also,way too outspoken and feisty.
Enoch smirked,his hands still fixed behind his back.
He lead her straight to the arching hallway,dozens of portraits hanging to both sides of the white wall. The faces seemed to stare at her,their eyes scrutinizing her core. She inched further to him,just far enough to not have their skin touching,but just too close to have her hands quite near to his thighs. Her sudden proximity did not go unnoticed,he glanced warily from his shoulder,his brow raising,probably baffling the act. She did not care though,she only wanted to get away from such cold pairs of eyes.
The walk went deadly quiet. He was advancing casually and she tried to follow his huge steps. He accompanied her towards the room behind an automatic glass doors. It sensed their weights and opened in one soft stroke.
"Quite a fancy room to be killed in,I must say." She must've said her thoughts out loud because Enoch snorted in reply. Well.. At least it entertained him.
He strutted his way and passed by the glass piano that seemed to be the highlight of the living room. She raised her brows seemingly impressed,her hand itching to touch the transparent case that kept on tempting her to stroke them. Well,if she would be killed,she would at least want to die upon something so extravagant.
"Again may I repeat. What would I possibly need from you? I could get caught easily with that mouth of yours"
"Well,thank the heavens for blessing me with this mouth of mine"
"That'll probably doom us all"
He scrutinized her slowly. His eyes began with her lime green mary janes,black star studded leggings,her soft yellow pencil skirt,white mundane blouse,yellow wooly cardigan,red heart shaped pendant,then up to her teasing smile. She stood warily,her hands leaning back as if she was trying to model whatever she was endorsing.
"Has anybody ever told you that you look like a walking one woman circus?"
"I would like to believe that that isn't bad at all,so thank you for the complement,Enoch. Enoch,isn't it?"
Then,his face morphed unreadable. His eyes swerved pass from her glinting,optimistic eyes,transfixing itself to the glass of wine sitting upon his desk.
She was left standing on her toes,the smile changed and became confused. The man in front of her seemed to be quite irksome,though she found herself not minding at all. At some point,she knew that despite the cold glass shards he let himself live in,the wine that he continuously pour to his throat was hot vapor that contained the truths he felt so afraid to let out.
And if anything,she might not be good at deducing situations but she believes perhaps,way too much.
"So what do you do for a living?"
Since he did not even treat her as his guest,she found it within herself the willpower to feel at home. She walked across the gap between them and pulled that one leather chair in front of his desk. She was wary of what he might react,but still if he was surprised or alarmed,it did not show in his eyes. And so she continued,she sat her bum to the cozy chair and beamed a smile.
"I am a wedding planner." His statement sounded as if it was the end of his response. It was clear in his voice that he would rather not have such conversation with her right now,or ever actually.
"Why?"
"Need I have to say my reason?"
"Well,yes of course. Just like I love the sensation of being so light weight and lost in the air. When I dance,I often feel as if I'm a bird." He snorted when she imitated a flying bird. She spread her limbs and flapped,her eyes closed and lips loosely smiling.
"For a professional performer,you're absolutely askew on the head"
She opened her eyes and saw his chuckling face. In response,she grunted in her throat,settling her arms back to their normal place.
"You know,for a wedding planner,you're cranky"
She observed his face as it settled to its usual frigid demeanor. She cannot lie,he could be dashing- even his rare smile that looked predatory. Then,she cannot help but wonder. She jumped again to conclusions that do not have certain basis. She glanced at his left and right ring fingers,vaguely searching for a hint of imprint that left a ghostly presence.
There was no bands or a hint of them at all.
That girl must've broke their son's heart and must've devastated him deeper.
"Oh I understand now"
"What?"
"Why you're distant with me. You still love her don't you? That's why you're so cold and aloof with me. You fear that your son would think I am taking her place." The receiver of her words only glared at her in disbelief,she smiled sheepishly and continued. "Don't worry,I only came here with pure intentions. I'll bond with him like an older sister or an aunt that he had only met once and is willingly to make up for lost times. You already told me I'm childish so I think we'll instantly become friends.. Unless you would want me to be strict? Please don't force me to do so"
As if she had guessed wrong again,her eardrums were taken aback by the loud deep laughter that escaped from his timid lips. She did not get why he was being so incredibly goofy all of a sudden. Maybe he was just trying to cover whatever it was he's feeling. It was okay for her though,she understands.
"I don't have a son yet,silly girl. Nor do I have any woman"
"A man maybe?"
"No. I do not have the time to dwell on such weakness"
"I don't understand. I came here to babysit. Claire told me I have to take care of someone"
"Well,she might have lied to you. Go on now,you must have misunderstood it"
For once,in their odd conversation,she fell speechless. He shrugged her off so easily,her heart felt as if it was squeezed from its core. Tremor filled her very being. The notion that she would fail Wyn again trapped her,it felt like a rope tangling her with vicious hands.
"But I could help you. Claire wouldn't lie to me,that's impossible"
"I don't need your help"
She furrowed her brows and looked at him without the realization that her eyes expressed the need she so wanted him to see. For a moment,her orbs just held his gaze,her pride currently being on hold and her sentiments was pouring freely.
The air grew thick and she felt him struggle from the binds she tangled him with. He stood up abruptly,passing her by with remote steps. He was trying to avoid her.
She closed her eyes and breath three shallow breaths in. She could not let her opportunity pass by. She was not born to rot in regrets and what ifs,even if her foolish pride would need her to do so.
"I know,but I need yours please. I don't have anywhere else to go. I'll work for you,I could make you hot cocoa every single day"
When he did not answer back,she hardened her position and took fight instead of flight as an answer. She was Wyn's magpie after all,she would fight for her guard. She was a feisty little babbling bird and she could use those for her advantage.
"I would kiss you if you don't"
His shadow upon the floor moved upon its spot,he must've been taken aback by her threat and decided to taunt her back.
"You wouldn't"
"Try me"
Her voice came as a whisper,it almost sounded frail. In contrast,she turned around with a mischievous expression,her head tilted with the air of confidence she mustered from all that performances where she was expected to dazzle. He in return,observed her with his hooded eyes,his mouth tight with his characteristic frown.
One,two,three
She glided softly upon his floor,her feet were carried by the thick atmosphere between them. She could feel her veins tingling with excitement.
There,almost there. She's near to her prize.
In case one would not know,it was not his lips or whatsoever that pertains his physical attributes. It was the simple word,that ticket for a promising future. It was that syllable that came from a certain voice she did not realize she needed before she came to East London. Before the chatty driver,before the mysterious appearance of Claire Densmore.
His face was a breath away,she could almost touch the same sweater she indulged her face in quite a while ago. His eyes were staring back,looking at hers with hidden fright and doubt inside. Inwardly,she was begging him to make her stop. She told herself that she physically kept on going because she needed to. Of course.
"Yes." He whispered,his breath puffing quite dangerously close to her mouth. She ignored it though,because that would be quite scary to spend time thinking about.
He held her with an intense grip,her shoulders inside his hands. She tiptoed with her toes,her head tilted to meet his eyes.
"Yes as in?"
"Yes as in do me a favor,pretend as if you don't exist in this house alright?"
With one snap and a blink of an eye,he let her go,the door clicked behind him and his footsteps echoed with every heavy press. She stood alone in her spot,her hands touching the lingering presence of warmth upon her arms.
She cannot help but to grin in realization that she won again.
Thank you for reading! Please do leave a review:)

Disclaimer:I do not own MPHFPC and Facebook.Chapter ThreeOpposite Sides:Tug of War
"Why you're distant with me. You still love her don't you? That's why you're so cold and aloof with me. You fear that your son would think I am taking her place."
The night dimmed the inside of his room,tempting him to give in and lay his thoughts to rest. On his ceiling were patches of faint red,blue and green that illuminated from the busy boardwalks of the slightly close city. His glass window looked thick enough not to break,but somehow it let ideas formulate inside his head.
He took another long sip from the cold wine wrapped inside his hand.
The cool liquid slipped to the lapping tissues of his throat,it tickled him with a replenishing sensation. He relinquished in the silence brought by his closed mouth and his dark room. Somehow,he felt as if he needed to enjoy that exact moment of clarity. He predicted that the stranger would shake his posture,she's too bubbly and much of a babble mouth for her own good. His little world would surely get stained with her explosion of nonsense.
He tilted his head against his headboard,his eyes squeezed tightly shut.
He did not expect Claire to act upon her distress,nonetheless,advance to such uncomfortable position. To have an assistant is troubling for the likes of him,but to have a mysterious person be with you twenty four hours each day would be absolutely,extremely and wholesomely tiresome. Olive Elephanta was thrusted onto him as he was too powerless to decline,and she,too enclosed with hope to even back out.
She was incredibly stubborn. A train wreck of persistency- which he admires in one person,mind you.
Yet,he could only think of one person who egged him with such manner.
When Olive Elephanta's eyes delved in his',he could see glimpses of 'her' in the girl's determined message. For a moment,he remembered her green eyes locking with his',her blonde hair chopped but still flawless and intimidating. She was pretty and strong and hard shelled,her qualities were of a leader,and he was possibly,a little bit more than attracted to her.
His hand tightened around the glass,the innocent liquid inside shuddered with the force. He reverted the frustration in that wine,letting it slide inside him like how he let her slip way pass his control. He did not even got the chance to have her touch the tips of his fingers. She just swerved pass him.
Sentiments are the root cause of weaknesses,it does nothing but add salt to the wounds. He certainly prefers what he has now,making his name known and longing to erect towers of his business all over the globe. His life became a constant push and pull of statistics,something he was highly aware of and could be certain if he do so want to check for the answers of his concerns. Certainly,he likes to keep it like that.
The room buzzed with his phone's vibration. He fished for the glowing device from his bed side table,his eyes scanning for the cause of his disturbance. Apparently,it was from his private social media account. One which he uses for the sake of it. He rarely opens his account and his profile was not close to being entertaining at all. He was utterly curious with the sudden notion that he received a friend request.
As seeing the person,he was not at all surprised. Of course,who else would disturb his quiet night with no other than her presence? As if her own breathing just a few rooms away was not enough.
He stared a few moments at the girl in the picture. She was an open book,he decided. Her face was still sporting the same sunny disposition she has in person.
There was no hint of pretension as she showed through her picture her normal bubbly side;she was wearing such ridiculous looking onesie with her equally odd,fluffy slippers,what else could he describe her but silly?
His eyes glanced around,checking for hidden presence that would be possibly studying him. He felt as if he would be doing a sinful thing and it probably looked like it if you were an onlooker- it quite projected such scenario. But in reality,he was just curious of her and all that keeps her entertained. With her energetic and spontaneous vibe,he won't be surprised if he'd see random posts here and there.
He was welcomed by the page's header photo. By the looks of it,it was only recently uploaded- quite a while ago actually. He betted that as soon as she flipped her bum to the bed,she fished for her phone and updated her profile like it was her very own journal.
It was as if Claire's success was not enough,her face appeared in the photo,mocking him as her arm was innocently draped around Olive. He assumed that Claire already had it scripted. Possibly,she also asked for the latter to have it as a highlight in her social media account. It was all for the sake of his comical reaction.
He glared at Olive's peace sign and scoffed. His pride took her gesture as a form of apology. Where else would he get it but from that loose basis?
He stopped as his vision processed Bronwyn Bruntley's face. It had been such a long time since he last saw her smile. To see it made him feel quite bothered and possibly,envious. 'He' left along the homely spirit of the house,dragging their childhood with him. After everything that had happened,he knows they,especially she,deserves to feel release. But still,he cannot just allow himself to forget. On one hand,if she could easily shrug it off,he on the other,cannot.
He saw Horace,Hugh,Millard,and her name listed on the names who reacted. Perhaps,looking through Olive's profile was a bad idea- well,having her around was already too much actually. It was as if her presence would affect him greatly,not just with his annoyance,but with the skeletons he tries so desperately to lock. Knowing her,she would discover them with the help of her curious,prodding bones.
The last drip of his cold wine tasted so bitter against his tongue. In response,his throat constricted itself in defense,closing in,trying to stop the venom from entering. Still though,it trickled down,down,down the hidden appendages of his innermost being.
The pad of his finger barely touched the screen;still though it read. The request was denied.
In exchange of the blinking lights that guided him at night,the rising sun began to beam across the window of his room. It was as if it was searching for him amidst the blanket,pillows and wine glass. He grumbled before it could touch him,making a bee line to the bath just to wake his core up.
It was a warm first day of the weekend. Usually,he was not needed in the office,more so his schedule pinpoints that he works in the afternoon during saturdays. But due to his circumstances as of now,he was more than ecstatic to go. He wasn't,or will never be,ready to engulf the whole of her and her forced stay (just yet).
He rotated his door knob as silent as he could. Even though she was two rooms away from him,he couldn't help but to act so paranoid. Girls like her could probably hear from miles and miles afar just like how loud their mouths could yell.
The lock clicked and he immediately glanced at his left;where her room stood still,steady and suspiciously quiet. She still must be sleeping,he guessed she does not have anything scheduled for her weekend. How incredibly fortunate of him. Still though,it'll be what,a week? month? Or maybe a year? He knows he couldn't test how far the blessing could reach,sooner or later he has to swallow her presence somehow.
His feet dragged him out of the sunlit room,one toe then the other. He did not realize he heaved out one struggling breath until he loosen his frigid shoulders and felt it leave his nose. He was annoyed for feeling so tensed,yet he could not at some point,shrug the feeling off.
Remember when he thought about how incredibly fortunate he was for not seeing her? Well,that only ended up as a mere thought.
The warmth surrounded itself on the staircase,yellow rays glowed on the pristine,white handle. Upon the middle step,a brown haired figure ascended softly. First was the crown of her head,then her face,'til down to her fluffy slippers. She tilted her chin once she saw him,her lips forming to one lazy smile that could actually brighten someone's day. It was after all,so honest and innocent,he couldn't help but to feel his lips twitch before he could stop it.
"Good morning,Enoch. Have an amazing day" she greeted. He stared at her as she stretched her arms above her head and widen the pits of her mouth and nostrils,his name ending with a soft yawn.
When her glassy eyes opened,the smile came back on her face. She was waiting for him to respond,in which she did get.. But with only a timid nod.
He pressed on. The remaining steps echoed along the awkward tune she was humming. He felt the uneasiness in the way the melody sounded forced,he couldn't blame her. There was this alarming barrier between them that he had constructed. They were both at each sides,peeking through gaps,yet he had already locked the door.
Thankfully,she let him be. She proceeded to her designated room without any further teasing.
As he enter the kitchen,a sweet aroma enveloped him with an embrace. He looked around,locating the source of his attention,his guardian,Mrs. Dust,was sitting idly upon one bar stool,a smile hidden underneath the pages of her newspaper.
The soft glimmer of the sun's rays served as the light that lit up the marbled counters as well as the pale wooden floor. The smell along with the undemanding way of the sun's smooth traces helped him relax. Accidentally,his lips lifted,a smile sprung before he was aware of it.
If Mrs. Dust has seen it,she did not let him know she reacted.
The black mug steamed the stimulation that partially made his muscles untie from their tight knots. Underneath it was a folded note,closed tight by the weight of the hot cocoa. He glanced at the other occupant of the room and still,she was smiling knowingly. On what? He does not know.Try to have a good time ok? Have a nice day,Mr. O' Connor;)Not-your-friend-on-social-media-:(
"Your son really loves me"
The woman only gave him one studying glance,and continued reading the article she was fixated onto.
He knows Ronaldo wouldn't possibly do such thing,he has his med school and this humongous book he had been complaining and worrying about,to finish reading. Yet,he could not state the obvious,not when Mrs. Dust was secretly watching him with the knowledge he was foreign of. She looked at him weirdly,as if there was something he was missing out. She must be over reacting.
The mug felt warm inside the confines of his cold palms,its aroma stimulating a calm demeanor around the cold marble tiles that enclose him in. He lowered his lips to the lid,the sweet taste of the first sip had delighted his tongue and made his lips quiver with an accidental smile.
It tasted bitter,it tasted sweet.
"Did she wake up just to make me a mug of hot cocoa?" The woman nodded and he scoffed,the note curled inside his now warm palm.
"Silly girl,she doesn't need to do that,I already let her live here did I not?"
"Yet,she did"
Her voice was tight,quite weak and low,but it did made him halt from replying.
His laptop screen shone artificial sunlight to his office,surrounding him with electric heat that did not fail to annoy. His eyes burn due to his lack of sleep and the words spiraled and swirled in the colorful,radiation rays. He was stressed and pissed,and to top it all off,the possibility of seeing Claire and Horace heightened the pressure as well.
He cupped the note inside his trousers and curled it inside his palm,the pads of his fingers were upon the hints of its foldings,stroking gently.
Somehow,her sincerity crept up to him the way he did not think it could. It bursted in his kitchen that even he,with his refusal to face her existence,felt her like a clutching second skin. She made it clear that she was there,living and breathing,and she doesn't mind having him the way he wanted himself to be. She was childish from head to toe,especially her little heart. Yes,especially that beating organ.
He laid the crumpled paper upon his keyboard,scrutinizing it as if it was an artifact long forgotten by generations. The words imprinted glared at him innocently- the smiley most of all. It reminded him of Olive Elephanta's face when she bid him good morning.
The click of the door knob failed to snap him out of his reverie. Two business suits cladded individuals entered without bothering to knock. And well,in the building,who else have that same thick skins except the two people he was thankful not to come across earlier?
Horace and Claire looked at him with questioning eyes. He would usually bombard them with the errors he'd been seeing in his statistics copy and Claire mentally prepared herself for the extra hot headed Enoch she'd surely encounter,yet there he was,stilled and staring spaciously.
"So,how's Olive?" Claire asked casually,her weight pressing on to one foot and her
eyes were eyeing the blood red apple in her manicured hand.
Meanwhile,upon the rich black office chair in front of Enoch's desk,Horace was observing him. The paper his friend was clutching did not contain any graphs or printed words at all. It was a hand written sentence,simple and even quite childish,but extremely thoughtful and personal. He was struck thinking,just what on earth is Claire up to?
"Do not start Claire,I almost did not sleep last night." Enoch glared at the girl,the obvious dark circles below his eyes were even more prominent.
"Wait,so does that mean Olive kept you up?"
Horace's eyes widen and by the movement of his eyes,he looked at Claire then to the crumpled note inside Enoch's fist. The girl frowned,as if not getting it by the first time,yet the impress was easily seen in her now raised eyebrows when she saw the note Enoch's been clutching.
"So that explains the note then?"
"What-" Before the interrogated was given the chance to answer the interrogating,Claire quickly snatched the note from his fist.
"Oh my gosh-" she said. Her face was an imprint of impress and surprise,she did not think things would carry off so fast.
"What are you on about?"
"Did that come from our little darling?" Horace pointed at the note Claire was still staring at,his voice was soft and calculating,trying to cover the shock and conclusion he and Claire have been hypothesizing. Enoch just frowned,blinking away the frustration and the heeding headache that still occupy his head.
"What?"
"I am talking about Olive,Enoch"
"Ah,her. Yes"
The room went frigid with only two pairs of blinking eyes were moving. The two have felt their breaths hitch in their throats,their minds were busy processing the theory that was all wrong and misunderstood. Enoch,who has no clue as to what they are on about,was glaring at them,too drained to even acknowledge the context of their hysterics.
"Oh my gosh,Enoch. Don't you think you're a little too fast? But who's to say when's the right and wrong time for love right? Certainly not me" It was Claire who broke the tension. Despite her sharp and frigid tendencies,she was uncharacteristically comical at the moment. Her eyes were wide and her mouth was in a mixture of gaping and smiling bemusedly.
"You two keep it safe alright? I am not one to meddle in but if anything bad would happen to our little Olive,forget about our friendship,Enoch" Horace cleared his throat and tried to cover the uneasiness and amusement he felt. Who knew the two mischievous people he know would cross paths? Well,deeper than he ever thought it would be,for sure.
The man however,grew red on the cheeks once he'd let whatever thought the two were having register in his muffled brain. Of course,things like those happen naturally,especially that he is already thirty-one for pete's sake. But he made it clear to himself that it was either her,or no one at all. He was certain nobody could ever be as flawless as her.
"Olive Elephanta? I assure you,you have nothing to worry about," he snorted from the humor of it all. It was not that the thought of having someone being attracted to Miss Elephanta was humorous,it was just,well- "She's,well,she's Olive and I'm Enoch. We aren't even friends." And she's just too- right there. Too close of comfort. Too real.
Horace's eyebrows furrowed slightly. He knows for a fact that Fate does not chill. Somehow,at some point,Enoch's statement would backfire him somehow. More so that he sounded as if he was testing Fate with their credibility.
He grew up with the girl. Olive's nothing but darling to him. Quite hyper so,yet her optimistic nature was nothing but adoring.
And Enoch,well,he might look and act coldly,but deep down,he has this heart of gold.
Horace could not help but worry.
Just what on earth did Claire entrust the two in?
I am sorry for the late update! School and life have been meddling in and I cannot seem to have the courage to think and imagine. Still though,despite those,thank you for the views and of course,the reviews! My heart swelled with the attention x 
Please do leave a review?

Disclaimer:I do not own MPHFPC and the Facebook MessengerChapter FourOpposite Sides:Melting
Olive puffed out an exhale,the sigh and disappointment were clear in her warm tummy. She has her chin upon her cupped palm,her fingers tapping the skin against them. The woman inside the laptop screen only looked at her with a sad but understanding expression,her sympathy clear and very much on the verge of telling the younger lady to give up.
"I could not blame him,Magpie. Though Mr. Enoch has always been a grump,I completely understand why he's restricted. We cannot do anything about that."
Still though,she insisted.
"But Wyn,I do not intend to do something about his temperament,I just want to be his friend." She could not shrug that exact look in his eyes that morning. Although it was fairly obvious that he was trying to avoid her,she still made her presence known- for the reason that she can sense his confusion. And when their eyes met,there was a split second of rawness. She saw curiosity and frustration in them. He was caught off guard and she saw an inkling of truth behind the glass shards he surround himself in. "I just- I know he does not hate me,I saw hesitance in there,Wyn. I may be throwing accusations in the air and often being proved wrong,but it was there and I was wholesomely there"
For the umpteenth time,Bronwyn sighed and smiled,nodding along with her optimistic ways. Olive in response,sighed as well,yet louder and sharp as if one would do before starting a life changing quest.
"Perhaps Miss,perhaps." She could not let Wyn's hesitance discourage her,in fact,if there's anything it contributed,it was the drive that made her more energized to- well,she does not know yet. One thing for sure,it involves Enoch O' Connor.
There was something about him that felt familiar. She certainly does not mean it as a romantic dialogue,well,for now at least,if she could be frank,she does not know how the world goes. Their first meeting went a big OK for her part. She felt as if they were meant to be friends all along,they clashed in a way that she immediately felt at ease around him.
Maybe that was why she wanted to do something for Enoch O' Connor. She knew,by some powerful,foretelling assumption,he'll be something.
She glanced around the figure of the far away dining area she tremendously miss. The house she's in was overwhelming. She's not used to living in such spacious homes,she always tend to occupy every nook and sides,making sure to make them as welcoming as possible. But Enoch's house was a bit eerie,it was way too professional and threatening. No wonder why he's always tensed.
"How are things over there?" She asked
Bronwyn smiled at her sheepishly. Both of them know the other pretty well. When Olive's face scrunched deeply,Bronwyn knew at once that she was focused in her thoughts,thoughts that were surprisingly involving Enoch. And if Bronwyn has her brows tensed,Olive knew she was worried of her.
"Never you mind of anything Magpie,all is well. Sam has been asking nonstop of you,the children were nothing but good-" Olive nodded,smiling amidst the home sickness she's been dreadfully feeling. "Oh little miss,we miss you dearly"
"I miss you too as well,all of you-"
"Keep your head up,you are halfway there. We are proud of you Magpie"
Of course that swelled her heart with millions of touchy sentiments. She almost squealed with joy. One thing which stopped her was that one specific reason why she pursued her passion further. Tomorrow,she would be one step closer to the truth. Tomorrow,she'd start doubling her efforts to be able to reach her. One day,soon,she'd make it.
"Thank you Wyn-I just,if she could see me now,do you think she's proud of me as well?"
Right after Wyn's reaffirmation and words of comfort,she sensed herself slowly backing away,felt the hot sting of tears behind her eyes. By feeling so,she bid her dear friend an early good night.
She was in her bed,her eyes staring at the pale ceiling above. She was speechless,unable to comprehend her excitement and uncertainty. Her heart was beating loudly and her tears were gently falling to her temples,then to her pillow. She does not know why she was utterly doubtful,but the notion of finally escalating to her search made her nerve wrecked.
"Would you remember me Mummy?" Inside her arms,upon her chest was a pair of cream colored ballet flats. She held them close,her heart was beating against the detergent smelling soles,bringing life to the pair as if those were her mother's arms. How long had it been since that eventful day? For that moment,she was so sure,in her eight year old brain,her mother would come back probably the next day. Instead,all she left for Olive was the pair of flats,which she relentlessly hold onto.
If it was for anything,she hypothesize it was a promise. Didn't the late Miss Peregrine told her she'd meet her again someday? That she left her pair of ballet flats for a purpose?
"Purpose huh?" Her eyes glared,penetrating the motionless ceiling. Questions were left unanswered,tugging her to the shoulders as she felt herself fully awake. Why would she still want to know her? Does her biological mother know she's still alive? Why is she even pursuing such thing too much?
Why is she still haunted by it?
She closed her eyes and worked her fingers,toes and nose to twitch. The emotions were all around her,creating a pool of heaviness,swallowing her within the mattress. A groan left her throat as she associated her feelings with doubt. Is she not optimistic? She knows she is,if only she could pull such spirit against the shadows surrounding her.
The night grew deeper outside the huge window set at the room's side. Her eyes blink back at the lonesome moon,it seems recharging her mind,leaving her tired,yet with senses extremely active.
She placed the pair of shoes to her side,her feet dipping to the warmth of her bunny slippers. Her body swayed to the steady air entering her space,her feet leading her outside.
The white chandelier upon the staircase was still alit,she guessed Mrs. Dust was probably up to drink some milk,or maybe Ronaldo was reviewing for his midterm examination. Her steps upon the stairs were light,she might disturb them if she'd be reckless.
She passed through the corridor and the cold dining room;the balcony door just resting at the far right,tempting her with the serene garden behind. She could go if she wants,she would just have to fetch her comfort food.
The kitchen was quiet except for the irregular tappings upon laptop keyboard. She tilted her head and balanced herself to one foot,her face seen in the gap of the arch way. The sound came from Enoch O' Connor's hands. He was sat facing her,which she knew by then she has no chance to pretend she was a ghost just to spook him.
Immediately,their sight met and his fingers flattened themselves upon the warm counter. She slid inside timidly,her smile limited,quite sheepish,yet soft. "Enoch," she greeted. He,much to her surprise,only looked at her confused and wary. If looks could kill,she might've evaporated on her spot.
"Now,why are you looking at me like that?" She walk pass him across the island counter,her eyes questioning his still lingering ones. Despite the clear white tab from his screen reflecting to his pupils,he dares not to blink. He continued looking at her,trying to find whatever it was he was trying to decipher.
"You are all puffy and pink,Elephanta" She was engulfed in the refrigerator when his statement made her do a mini eye roll. "Allergic reaction,probably" She pulled a gallon of chocolate ice cream from the freezer,then pushed the refrigerator door closed with a soft nudge of her hip.
Her body rotated back to face him. His eyes blinked at her movements and quickly averted his gaze when hers' looked back at him.
"You're not much of a good liar,don't you know that?" She snickered and rummaged for some utensils in the cupboard.
"Not with making up an excuse,no."
He went back with his typing and she began rinsing the mugs she retrieved from their place. The cold running water and the light clicking of the keyboard worked softly. In addition,the soft air from the garden worked its way inside,brushing to the strands that fell in front of her face. She cannot help but smile,feeling the stillness of the exact scenario she was in.
In that moment,strangely,it was just her having him around,and him her. Even if there was hesitance,even if there was still a barrier,she feels comfortable around him,as if she could tell how alike and not they are.
"I did not know you know how to cry"
"Somebody's concerned"
She slid the two mugs on the space of the long counter. He raised his brow at her and she only shrugged,opening the lit of the ice cream gallon in front of his face.
"No,I am just observant"
"You just care about me more than you'd admit" She was midway to scooping her fourth scoop when she joked. He sighed and reverted back to his work. For a moment that is. "Ever the hypothetical one,I see." It only took him a few clicks to finish and before he could respond.
"Whatever,you grump." It was the sweet taste of the chocolate she sucked from her index finger that made her smile. She took one last scoop from the gallon and tipped the cream to the second mug,her mouth voicing a soundless ta-da for an effect.
Next,she pulled the whipped cream from the edge of her workplace,shaking the bottle before tilting it to push the extraction.
"What,what are you doing?"
"Putting some whipped cream on it?" She said as though it was the most obvious thing.
"Why?"
"Well,um sorry to burst your bubble Enoch,everything's better with whipped cream," She was finished sprouting it to her own mug when she repeated the same first step to the other. Enoch stood from his spot,his arms crossed on his chest,"-oh wow,didn't believe that sounded awkward oops" and she still persisted talking,giggling as though he does not intimidate her at all.
"Give me that." He asked,which sounded commanding actually. Yet,she shook her head,her foot backing away once his' ascended.
"No" She inched her occupied hand away from him,stretching to her back awkwardly,her fingers slightly twitching.
"Stop it or else-" his arms,which were far more longer than hers,stretched to their length. She snickered despite being trapped inside his arms. The mug was dangerously tilted now,the whipped cream looking at the side as if curious with what it must be like to stain the pristine floor. Her one available hand reached out in reflex,palm flat and warm on his chest.
She momentarily froze to register the sudden exclamation point that made her blood rush to her cheeks,it happened in split seconds,fast enough for him not to notice,and slow enough for him to have his hand wrap to her hand and the handle of the mug.
He glanced at her eyes as he tightened his grip to the warm skin of her small hand. The height of their excitation died slowly and he felt suddenly aware of how her hand felt inside his. He felt the knuckle of her index finger rise to move and the way the mug tightened in the hold of her hand.
The light slowly crept on the back of their hands,causing them to disentangle.
"Come on,give it a chance Enoch." She settled the mug upon the counter,her hand felt slightly foreign,feeling a ghost of presence upon the back. Her other hand,however,held onto the whipped cream with her index finger ready to push.
He could only stare as the cream oozed out and piled itself upon bulks of the ice cream. Once done,she pushed the mug in front of him,her lips smiling inspiringly that made him roll his eyes.
She leaned her head to her cupped palm,her eyes anticipating for his reaction. He snorted and shook his head,his spoon digging through his mug.
"Well?"
"It tastes like whipped cream and chocolate ice cream"
She laughed with her eyes crinkling at the sides,gauging his disappointed reaction. "For the record,I would only eat this because I do not want it to go to waste," he said through another spoonful of ice cream.
"Well,better stay for a while won't you?" She smiled proudly and sat one seat away from him. There was a pregnant pause with only the clucking of their spoons could be heard. Still though,the time seemed to stop functioning and the moon was still and softly watching.
"What made you cry?" He asked rather suddenly.
Her digging through her own ice cream was put to a stop as she tilted her head to look at him.
"For the record,I am only trying to fill in the silence"
"My mum," her voice sounded strained,yet her expression was still in her usual,smily state. "I just- sometimes I'm not sure if things are worth fighting for anymore"
"I think I am not the perfect person for this position"
"Well,what would Enoch O'Connor do in this situation?"
He glanced at her and all he saw was the small,eight year old version of Olive Elephanta,the one who was raw from the hurt,entirely confused,leaning on to people who were bigger than her. She was suddenly that little girl who looked at him,asking for her mummy he has not seen before. Who made his own ache bleed from his own yearning for his best friend.
"He'd probably drown himself with wine and hide from the sun," he raised his mug and looked at her chastely ",and if I were Olive Elephanta,I'd probably stuff myself with chocolate,and would probably still believe in the goodness of things and all that crap"
She chuckled and nodded.
"After all,life has a way of putting things together"
"If that what keeps you sleep well at night"
The silence filled the kitchen once more. Her eyes looked at him and she smiled. Despite the problem that made her heart heavy,her thoughts were temporarily put to a stop and she finally gained a progress with befriending Enoch.
"I don't mind the silence Enoch,this is comfortable-" she felt slightly disappointment knowing her mug was fully devoured,"-for me atleast"
"Yes,well,I do not have any choice but to tolerate you do I?" She rinsed her mug to the sink and inserted it to the dishwasher,snorting once in the process. "Whatever keeps you sleep well at night,Enoch"
Once the lid was closed,she turned around to look at him. He was circling his spoon in his mug lazily,his ice cream melted into syrup. Still,he did not bother standing from his spot. He was only looking at her,waiting for her reaction as she too was anticipating.
"Well?" She asked,a giggle was halted in her throat.
"Well what?"
She yawned and shook her head. The night went deeper outside the walls they were in,casting them a dream like vibe. To be honest,she found it in herself that she actually like having Enoch around,her mood lightened when she finally talked to him as normal as what they just had,and the disappointment of having her system wanting her to sleep was evident in the lessening of her smile.
"Good night to you too" She did not have to,yet she patted his shoulder,for well,her greeting probably. It was a reflex and she did it before realizing the movement. Enoch was still caught surprised,extremely foreign with close proximities,yet he recovered. He nodded sharply and cleared his throat,pulling his laptop screen open in able to prevent looking at her.
She went back to her room with eyes half lidded. Once in front of her bed,she jumped with all four limbs sprawled out,the mattress engulfing her as though she melted into puddles
She left quite a while ago. He was sitting there for quite a while as well. The project he'd been working on was already done. He,after all,had already revised some parts for how many times already. Yet,he was still awake,not knowing and extremely bothered by an itch he could not locate. His mind was still active. He blamed Olive Elephanta for it.
He groaned and opened his Facebook account,the one where he keeps tract with updates about people he at least know,never mind if he likes them or not. Usually not to be honest,yet they were still tolerable,he gives them credit for that.
His cheeks grew unexplainably pink. Yet he still clicked through the recent name in his search bar and opened her profile.
He told himself she should know the trouble she caused him.
"Thanks to you,I cannot sleep" 
There,he sent her one simple sentence. Immediately,she has seen his message and replied right after.
"Why is it my fault?"
"Don't you know chocolates could keep a person active?" 
"Well,that is not the effect with me"
"Probably because you sleep a lot"
"I do not:("
He shook his head and decided to leave her reply unanswered. She unfortunately,luckily-he cannot seem decipher yet,sensed what he was doing and sent another one.
"Would you like to talk to me?"
"Well,it is your fault so I guess you should suffer as well"
"Wow,that was mean"
"I only speak the truth"
"I'm going to sleep Enoch"
"You could not"
"Gooooood niiiiiiiight x"
"I'll barge into your room Olive Elephanta" 
"But you rejected my request:("
"Don't be silly"
":("
He does not know if it was the chocolate,but he was certain he would go insane if he'd consume the whole midnight just staring into space and thinking about things that should be partnered with wine.
And so shamefully,he still found his way to clicking her request button. Which in less than a minute,she accepted.
"Didn't know you would actually do it though"
"Whatever,I could still block you"
"I'd convince you to unblock me then I'd block you"
He snorted and let her light mood affect him. The night progressed outside their windows until sunrise arose and the hint of morning came. The rays of the sun had already found him with arms wrapped together and his head resting upon them,dozing off. This time,he did not hide from the sun,he let it melt him to his seat,seemingly comfortable with the warmth it wrapped him with.
Thank you for reading,please do leave a review x

An early apology for those who have knowledge with ballet or are taking ballet classes. I am not at all familiar with them so please excuse the ballet scenes if they are wrong and inaccurate.
I just watched the film and it was not as bad as I thought it would be;I was extremely upset with the changes and some plot holes but despite that,it was still magical. I mean look at the house,Enoch's dolls,the costumes and the details,wow,good ol Tim at it again!
I aldo realized how different Olive and Enoch were depicted in the film. Again,this story is inspired by the book Olive and book Enoch:) just older and well,without their peculiarities.
Oh and I would also like to apologize for the late update! School has been such a stress:( Even so,I still hope you'd leave a review!Chapter 5:Driving in circles
The sun flashed lightly against his eyelids and his neck felt stiffed from the long hours of craning. He woke up with a long groan and grumpy brows,his eyes searching for the sun to glare at it. It was seven in the morning and he was one hour late from his usual morning routine(and had drifted from his night ones as well).
He did not know just what in the world had made him that comfortable with Olive Elephanta. Yet,he somehow ended up tolerating her emoji addiction and imaginative scenarios 'till the night turned dusky. For pete's sake,he does not know why he even let her sleep earlier than him after all those time wasted,stomaching her bizarre questions.
"Good morning oh darling knight,did you stay up late for the assurance of the lady's sleep?" He was shaken by Ronaldo's voice. It now struck him that by being late,of course he wouldn't be the second person to wake up- the first one was usually Mrs. Dust because she prepares their breakfast and tends the plants. He shifted his head left then right,finding Ronaldo peeking from his shoulder. "Did I permit you to pry on my private affairs Ronaldo?" He shamefully shut the laptop screen down before Ronaldo could read further. The brown skinned man had noticed the slight blush on the older man's cheeks and snickered,an obvious and teasing glint in his kind eyes.
"Oh the start of a new chapter sure is thrilling"
"You and Mrs. Dust have the habit of saying such troubling things" The younger man shrugged,walking away from his accusations and leave him to digest his words.
He sighed and reopened his laptop to shut it down. The chat box was still open and the last chat was sent by him. She asked him some interesting questions such as if he was ever an animal what would he be? and he'd answer he'd rather be an octopus because they are capable of cognition,are mischievous,and as introverted as he. And she'd answer she'd rather be a penguin because they all seemed so fluffy,innocent and are hopeless romantics.
Olive:It's almost 3 am and I'm still wide awake
Enoch:I am going to sleep now. Good night
Olive:Wait,don't sleep yet!
Enoch:I have to or else ghosts would creep up on me
Olive:...
Enoch:They said if you wake up without any reason at 3 in the morning,someone's watching you.
Olive:...
Enoch:Well,I am terribly tired Miss Elephanta. Good night,you'll need it.
Olive:Don't sleep on me! You woke me up!
Enoch:Scared?
Olive:I'm not scared,you are.
Enoch:*seen*
Olive:Enoch,don't you dare sleep on me!
You're being unfair!
Enoch .
That is so rude:(
Don't make me come down there!
Enoch:You can't,the hallways are already dim
Olive:I'll make a run for it
Enoch:It's already 2:50 am
Olive:I'll make a run for it,to your room. I'll sleep in your room.
Enoch:Pffft,you won't.
Olive:Enoch:(
Enoch:what
Olive:sigh
Enoch:good night
Olive::/
:(
:'(
:'O
,.,
,o,
Enoch:just go to sleep Miss Elephanta
(2:52 am)
If there's someone watching you,it'll be me
(2:57 am)
just to shut you up ok?
(3:00 am)
The dining table had some tension Enoch could possibly drown in. Mrs. Dust and Ronaldo kept on staring at him across the table,the man specifically,eyed him with a silly grin. He,along with his mother,could not get over the chat he had witnessed from the usually private and avoidant man's social media account.
He nibbled on his piece of toast as he glared at Ronaldo. The med school student giggled and raised his thick book to hide from him.
"Med school has gotten such toll on Ronaldo,Mrs. Dust" He tipped the teapot on his cup,filling the porcelain. The steam oozes out lazily and he twirled his spoon in the liquid,staring at the swirling direction without a thought in mind.
"No my dear,Olive hasn't climb down just yet." The calm voice of Mrs. Dust startled the two. Ronaldo smiled in a winning fashion,directing his thumbs up to his mother. Apparently,as mature as he pictures her to be,she is still very fond of teasing people. He just experience it just now,and with a bubbly girl named Olive Elephanta.
Olive woke up from the wet fabric of her pillow. She groaned in disgust,swiping the back of her hand to the cold liquid on her chin. Her eyes looked down to the blinking light of her phone,grabbing it with one grasp. She then swiped the screen and smiled as Enoch's messages greeted her.
Just go to sleep Miss Elephanta
(2:52 am)
If there's someone watching you,it'll be me
(2:57 am)
just to shut you up ok?
(3:00 am)
She stood from her bed and stretched her arms,puffing out an exhale as she smiled to the sun that greeted her back.
Whatever;)
Right after a couple of minutes,her phone vibrated unexpectedly. She glanced sideways and fetched it,stressing the power button.
Look at the time Miss Elephanta
(7:05 am)
"Oh my,oh my,oh my,shi-shoot,shoot." Upon seeing the time,her body went into fight and flight mode. Adrenaline filled her system and she immediately rushed to her closet and fetched the pile she had readied for the eventful day.
As if Enoch had exactly predicted what she's doing,he sent another chat for her to read.
Yes. The car would be waiting outside
(7:05 am)
Unlike how it was when he woke up,the sun was not harsh against his eyes by 7:15. Sharon was playing rock music in the radio system of the sedan,drumming against the wheel along the rhythm of the song that was currently playing. Still though,he was staring at the screen,waiting for Olive;who was running late for the first day of the reason why she even bothered traveling to East London.
Another song,which still involves drums and electric guitars,have started and still,Olive Elephanta hasn't made her appearance seen.
"Still?"
"We have no choice Sharon"
"You do have a choice,yet you choose to wait for the girly"
He shook his head and remembered Mrs. Dust's words regarding Olive's hot chocolate and note. Maybe it was because of her genuine kindness that made him feel as if he need to at least tolerate her presence,or to give back the chaste gesture she gave him.
If only he realizes just how much toleration he's actually giving.
Just when he was preoccupied with his evaluation,the door bursted open and a wide eyed Olive was puffing loads of harsh intakes and outtakes of breath. He glanced at her and immediately noticed what she dressed herself into. It was quite,well,noticeable,really. The black sleeveless top and silky leggings were hugging her frame,dipping gently to places he was not allowed to look at.
"Well look who's way too attractive for the morning"
He cleared his throat and scooted over,glaring at her face to appear bored and threatening. "Why thank you,Sharon,you're looking quite dapper yourself" She climbed in and was desperately trying to save the two loaves of toast in her left hand. He watched in amazement as her ballerina outer persona look quite different with how she is as a person.
She glanced at him through the side of her eyes,looking at him as he scan her with confusion written in his'. Her free hand touched the loose bun behind her head,raising it up in hopes of ascending it. He continued to observe,inwardly confused by the different side of Olive he was seeing. Her face was bare and bold,the usual hanging waves of hers were piled up although loosely,but still neatly,in a bun.
Yet though,she stuffed the toasts into her mouth and he shook his head in amazement. It was still just Elephanta.
He cleared his throat once again,removing his stare to direct on the window next to him.
The trees pass by and they curved down to neighboring houses. The music blared from the speakers yet the sound of Olive's munches were louder.
It was quite surreal,having somebody around when he'd been used to going to work without,say,those munches next to him. The vehicle then felt suddenly new to him. A new scent lingered through the circulation of the air conditioner. Of what was once pure leather,then came the smell of peaches. He vaguely wonders if that is what his life is now.
They momentarily stop under the stoplight when he glanced at her. Apparently,she already finished her toasts and was now silently frozen,staring at the road ahead.
"I cannot believe you'd sleep late before an eventful day like this." He attempted to dismiss whatever it was that he'd been sulking about. He felt her shift next to him,her face,soft and pretty,looked at him with scrunched brows. She was about to fire back when she detected the teasing in his voice. It was still just Enoch.
"Well,you know what they say,always make an impression on your first day." She scooted closer,nudging his shoulder with her bare one. He saw Sharon's eyes dart quickly at him,their eyes meeting at the mirror hanging in front,then off of him as though he did not catch him staring. Everybody's acting plain weird these days,it was probably the effect Olive has on people.
"Miss Elephanta,tardiness is not a good look if you're trying to impress someone"
"Well,I'd like think I could still be special," she pointed out,yet her relaxed smile decreased in length once she caught a look at the time on his wristwatch,"-do you think they could see it?" and asked afterwards,her eyes following the same frowning of her lips.
Sharon and Enoch exchanged glances on the mirror,they both knew they were about to reach the workshop she's enrolled in. The clock also reminded them it was ten pass eight,which means she's already late for quite a while now. The ride went by smoothly,yet still,they left the house quite later than expected.
He looked at her and fought the urge to nudge her as well.
"Well,I have not seen you perform just yet but you won't be here if you aren't good Elephanta," he stated. Olive smiled and nodded,accepting his logic and lets it sink in in her system. Sharon however,groaned and shook his head at his oblivious boss.
"Olive,listen girly,you go out there and show 'em what you got aye? I know you'd do be flawless" he told her,grinning widely through the mirror. Olive grinned back,showing her two thumbs up.
"Thanks Sharon"
Their vehicle curved right and by the near end of the street was a building with a platform that has Olive's workshop name written across. They pressed on,stopping once they've went over the parking space available. Enoch glanced at Olive curiously,she has her hand around the knob yet her face was tensed.
"Olive?" Out of wonder he accidentally called her by her name. That brought her out of her trance and turned sharply to him.
"Yes,what am I doing? I can do this" She pulled the knob and inhaled a large intake of fresh air. Her toe stepped down,then the other,and at last she was out of the car. Enoch continued to look after her,staring at the back of her neck,her loose bun still in place.
"Enoch?"
"Yes?"
"Go easy on them alright?"
"You too,Elephanta"
She breathe in deeply,forcing her head to tilt the way they were taught to. The glass door was just a meter away,then a foot,finally an inch. Behind the door,she was entirely aware of the stares,but the tension in her body made her numb. She cannot think straight but what else can she do but be herself?
Once she had pulled the door,the classical tune from the stereo stopped. She made a quick turn on the mini stage in front,where a woman no more than forty glared at her with a pair of icy eyes.
"I am sorry I'm late Madame" she said,her determined voice overlapping the tension that coiled in her tummy.
The woman climbed down gracefully,her feet carrying her as though she was floating. She tilted her head at Olive,her eyes scanning the younger woman,though without the disgust Olive had imagined she'd have.
"Why are you late,Miss-" she waved her hand,asking for her name as well. "Is it perhaps,because of the traffic?"
"Miss Elephanta. Olive Elephanta,I'm-" Olive shook her head and tried to calm herself down. She felt judging eyes stare at her from behind,and at times like these she doesn't back down without a fight. "No there weren't any traffics. I do not have a valid excuse,I'm afraid. I stayed up late because Eno-my friend did not let me sleep,I am terribly sorry,Madame Wren."
The woman nodded sharply,her eyes were still icy and posture still fixed.
"It is very irresponsible of you Miss Elephanta. Though I admire your bravery and honesty. I do so hope you'd convince me that you deserve the chances I am giving"
Enoch.. Even though he was awkward with his answer a while ago,she felt the sincerity of his words. Of course,why would they get her if she was no good right? They do not have a clue that she was the forgotten daughter of Constantine Abroholos. She's almost there,she's closer to the truth. She wouldn't give up,not just yet.
"Yes Madame,I would not disappoint you. Thank you for your kindness"
"Very well then,go to the barre and practice your fondue and pli. Everyone,we'd begin our leon,namely the Cecchetti Method at exactly 8:30. Afterwards,I would explain our repertoire. Again,may I repeat the reward for our weekly tasks. Whoever would excel the most in projects would be given the chance to star in the shows,so work hard on yourselves and express your individual lights,carry on"
They had such a busy day. The company has a new couple that would be in deep need of their services. The wedding was to be rushed,the woman was with child and they needed to be wedded before her due. They held a promising preposition if the company could succeed with providing a marvelous service for them. Enoch and the rest of the board had accepted knowing how much of a blessing it was to have them as customers. They were an influential couple,they could help promote the catering business.
And so Enoch had everything listed and he begins to plan. He brought his work home,carrying his briefcase and loading his laptop a full battery. The night began to dim outside the East London streets and he instinctively wondered if Olive was already home.
Much to his surprise,she was still not. He strode in the house,tried to secretly sense some Olive-like movements in the kitchen,and also passed her room,yet without hearing any noise coming from her.
"Do you know where Olive is,Enoch?" Ronaldo asked once he sat across him at the dining table. It was already thirty minutes after nine and she said the workshop would end at exactly eight.
"I-" Ronaldo was looking at him hopefully and he in turn,side eyes stared at the vacant spot next to him,where she already sat on for two days now. Isn't she new in East London? Why on earth would she stay up late at the foreign streets? "I'll try to chat or call her. Really Elephanta,you impossible girl"
He opened his phone and picked her name in his recent chats.
Elephanta,are you lost?
(9:31 pm)
He tapped his fingers upon the table,the food upon it looked as if they were glaring at him.
Mrs. Dust left the kitchen and sat next to her son. She was studying Enoch from across the table. He brought his eyes up and asked.
She leaned on to her son and whispered something in his ear. Enoch only stared as the two spoke in hushed whispers. He sighed and tried contacting her once more. She still hasn't seen his chat and he poked the call button to try and reach her.
The sound only echoed again and again,multiple times. She was not picking up. Why is she not picking up?
"Really,Elephanta?"
You're worrying Mrs. Dust and Ronaldo,shame on you.
(9:33 pm)
"Mum said you should try and fetch her" Ronaldo suggested midway in trying to take his first bite. There weren't any teasing being projected onto him and that made him slightly nervous. He formulated ideas in his head,those of which could not help but deepen his anxious feeling.
He nodded absent mindedly. Without dressing into a much more comfortable set of clothes,he pressed on in his dress shirt and trousers. The cold evening air passed by his skin and he felt a frightening familiarity within them. His heart pumped loudly in his chest and he felt his breath quicken.
Still though,he managed to get in his sedan. The engine started and he closed his eyes to try and make sense of what he was feeling. That was not the right time for him to think about Victor. Yet,his mind fooled him,processing pessimistic thoughts that possibly,Olive was in the same place as his late best friend.
He drove and drove without thinking properly. The road seemed straight,his location seemed exact. His palms were crummy and he felt his stomach tie in knots.
Elephanta,you impossible woman.
He curved to the same spot they stopped that morning. The glass door was still open and the platform's sign was still alit. He rested his head at the cushion of his seat,closing his eyes tightly as he felt another wave of panic run in his system.
It happened 18 years ago,yet still,he couldn't let go of it. He could not let go of Victor. It was all his fault.
His phone buzzed and his hand clutched it too tightly. Olive had received the chat and replied thereafter.
I am so sorry Enoch,oh my gosh tell them my apologies. We sure worked like ants today. Don't worry,Zachary would take me home
(9:50 pm)
He breathed deeply before replying
I am outside the building
(9:50 pm)
He planted his forehead against the steering wheel and collected himself. He does not allow her to see him like that,not when she triggers some strands in him that she was not aware of. She's alive and he's being extremely irrational at the moment.
Soft tappings were applied against the screen of the door. When he opened his tired eyes to look,Olive looked the opposite. She was in a state of energy and happiness. Next to her stood a man who was probably much closer to her age. He sported a boyish grin and spiky brunette hair upon his head,his green eyes focused on the optimistic girl.
He unlocked the door and let the rush of air in. Olive waved her fingers,though unfortunately for her,he was in a worser mood. He only glared steadily at her.
"Enoch,this is Zachary,my cavalier." As if she was oblivious of his struggle,which she actually is,she had the energy to introduce the boy that might've cultivated a reason for her to stay.
"He could be the next big thing for all I care,Elephanta,let's go" he snapped back,eyeing the pretty boy that glared at him with confusion and annoyance. Zachary was clearly not used to being ignored.
Olive stood stunned. She looked at the boy next to her,then to the man in the sedan. Slowly,she entered the seat next to Enoch and smiled sheepishly to her new found friend,muttering a good bye.
Once out of earshot,she turned her head to look at her companion,studying his facial structure in hopes of reading what he might be thinking. Yet,like how he is,he strapped the usual mask he always sports. He concentrated on the road ahead,a blank and bored expression on his face. She did not know what to do then because she felt guilt at it's finest. Deep down,she knows she messed the fragile friendship they've grown for the last 24 hours.
She fished for her phone and typed,glancing once or twice to him,checking his reaction.
I'm sorry I made you lot worry:(
(9:57 pm)
"Read the message" Enoch's voice startled her and she pretended to be coy
"What message?"
"Leave it then"
She sighed and gulped. Her cheeks went red but because she wanted him to forgive her,she'll do as he says.
"I'm sorry I made you lot worry,sad face,from Olive Elephanta"
Still though,Enoch stayed still,his face,basking the blankness that he loves wearing. When she saw him like that,she felt dread in her that she could not describe. They were back from the start,he shifted away from her.
If only he knows just how much she cares.
"What is it Enoch? What happened?" She doesn't know just what she was implying in it. But she felt him flinch.
"I do not have the energy to talk to you,Elephanta." He said coldly.
She bit her lower lip and succumbed in the cushion behind her,her eyes staring blankly at the road ahead. For all of the things she assumed,surely she is right with the new one. Enoch O'Connor repressed all the hurt and anger that he must've experienced and often blame himself for all of it.
Her heart ache for the reason that he does not realize how incredibly human he could be.
That he is capable of feeling hurt. Capable of accepting care and warmth.
I care
(10:05 pm)
"Too much" she whispered.

Hullo! Merry Christmas everybody! I am terribly sorry for the late update x This chapter is alot better in my head but I still hope you like this one! Please,please do review x
Warning:Subtle mentions of organ theftChapter SixOpposite Sides:Caring
I do not have the energy to talk to you
I do not have the energy to talk to you
I do not-
The duvet went flying to the air as sudden as she jumped from the suffocating mattress. At first,she succumbed herself to the soft and silky texture of her bed,finally embracing the thought of living the rest of her East London life holed up in her room. She could suffer in guilt with her comforters just to not see Enoch ignore her so blatantly. The plan worked for the last nine hours until she realized it was not close to comfort at all.
She cupped her face in her two palms,rubbing them furiously to her frowning expression. Try as she might,she could not erase the statement that made her guilt rise and take over. He,at one point in her dreams,popped up,looked at her through blank eyes and walked away. It felt so real,she woke up puzzled and slightly stressed.
There was an inner debate in her thoughts. One would argue for her to face whatever it is waiting for her outside the vicinity of her room,pretend nothing happened and try to do a heroic deed to compensate the trouble she caused,and the other pleaded for safety. The latter kept on pushing her to hide,vaguely reminding her that it was her fault he skipped dinner yesterday,her fault Mrs. Dust slept late,her fault Ronaldo received a keener glare from his already glaring face.
The door seemed staring at her,awaiting for her impatiently. Slowly,her feet dragged her out. Even though there was hesitance and her mind might have screamed far effective enough,she reminded herself that she was a ride or die chick. She followed Claire without an inkling of idea how she'd survive or even have an affirmation that she'd be treated right,yet she still went. Surely she could go through the situation as well.
Mustering a clean new page,she climbed down with her toes and legs numb from the nerves. The sun was still soft against the huge window,her skin basking to the golden trace as thin hairs illuminate upon their pores. Compared yesterday,she woke up early and fully prepared. She knew it must've been because she barely slept at all.
The smell of coffee wrapped her in a comforting embrace,she sighed from the aroma,following the direction of its trace;not that she needed it at all,she basically marked the kitchen as her second haven.
When she reached the arching frame of the dining room,it was just in time to see Mrs. Dust exit from the kitchen with Ronaldo in tow,carrying two plates on each of their hands. The older woman gave her a small smile while Ronaldo greeted her a good morning. She replied a sheepish grin,relieved that they were sincere and welcoming.
The two pulled theirs chairs and sat at the other side of the table;they usually sit across her and Enoch. She was about to follow their lead,but the seat next to hers reminded her of the man she still cannot fully face. She stood there still and spaced out,inwardly debating with herself whether to sit down or not.
"Well?" Ronaldo looked at her with an amused look. She huffed in annoyance,not meaning for them to see her struggle.
"Well what?"
"The food isn't going to eat itself you know," he grabbed his fork and popped a piece of the sausage to his mouth ",and he won't eat you as well".
She sighed,plopping her weight to the seat halfheartedly. "I'm sorry,gosh I am so annoying. I only have one job but I couldn't settle myself down." She only had one job yet she failed tremendously in it. She respects if he wouldn't forgive her after the careless stunt. "I might as well just drag my sorry arse back to Cairnholm".
Through her down casted eyes,Mrs. Dust and Ronaldo exchanged glances. They communicated with their eyes,often casting wary looks on her scalp. With what seemed like a long heartbeat or two,the woman nodded to his son.
Ronaldo cleared his throat for her attention. "The thing about Enoch,Olive,he,well,he is not black and white. Did you ever wonder what story lies behind our past?"
She glanced at the two identical pairs of hazel eyes staring back at her. To be honest,Mrs. Dust's long faint scar on her neck sprouted questions in her head for quite a while now. The older woman would usually wear shawls that cover her from neck down. She often tries to shrug her curiosity by simply shutting herself up. The shawl hinted Olive to just mind her own business and let such sensitive topic be.
Years and years of living with Bronwyn,the other kids,and her own tale made her see things as how waves goes. One should just let it be and go with them for an assured harmony. If one would need privacy,she would give them such without any hurt at all.
Seeing her too engrossed in her thoughts of what could probably be their mysterious case,Ronaldo then continued. "My mother and father did some things their own mouths could not utter proudly of. Before this peaceful life,they lived day by day stealing.. valuable things from people in exchange of quick money. It was hell every single day Olive and my mum does not approve of such atrocity. Yet,she stayed,she stayed because she was the only one knowledgable enough to do the procedure without ending the victim's life." Olive opened her mouth slightly,reveling on the plot that has been unfold to her. With misty eyes,Ronaldo's voice quivered as he continued. "One day,my- my biological father saw this little boy who reeked with money and power. If my mother was skilled with all things medical,he was skilled with reading people,He smelled an opportunity and he made it clear that he'd be an easy catch since that little boy's parents seemed well,occupied. He made my mother agree to lure him into his trap and she reluctantly went. But that boy Olive,that boy looked at her suspiciously yet he still followed. The moment he told her he trusts her was the moment my mother knew she has to protect him,no matter what it costs. She told father how guilt stricken she was and they should stop such horrendous act,yet he,with his temper,threw a rampant. He pulled the boy from her,suggesting to do the procedure himself,yet she refused. That little boy was the last straw to her blind devotion. She became a victim to his playing knives,although at that last moment,he-" Olive swiped hot tears from her eyes and she was aware that Ronaldo was fighting a sob from coming out. Mrs. Dust next to him was silent,but her eyes were evident with unshed tears. She grabbed both of their hands and squeezed,"-that bastard whisked his knife,only for it to meet her intruding neck. He ran off out of sheer panic,leaving her bleeding with a terrified child sobbing loudly. There were sirens heard from above the alley they were in and she recalled the child's parents calling him Enoch"
Ronaldo looked up at her,basking to the shock that must've been written on her face.
"He saved not just my mother,but also me,Olive. His family took us in,treating us as if we were their own. His parents sent us to Cairnholm in hopes to capture the bastard that almost took their child. My mother gave birth to me and since then,Enoch became my brother. Someone I look up to. For six years,we were in hiding until my father was captured and he- life was not easy for Enoch as well but that is a story I am not in the position to tell." He ended the story with a comforting smile. Olive frowned and found her own heart in agony. Aside from the guilt in her system,there was something that lingered and clutched her stomach. She was dreading to see him.
She picked her fork and munched,her eyes transfixed to her brim. Thoughts have been buzzing in and out of her mind and for once,she was left unaware of what she truly feels. For one thing,she was extremely glad with how life became kind to the two deserving people she knows,but on the other,contrary to when she always believed she could easily distinguish herself,she was feeling quite alot,she cannot comprehend them all at once.
"I am not trying to make you feel sympathy or even see him as perfect when he clearly is not. That impossible man could be such a dick most of the time. But like I said Olive,he is not simply black and white,and I know that you could see that," the last statement made her halt. Ronaldo nodded but still added a few spices to his point,"and underneath it all,he could,as well"
"Ronaldo,I am thankful that you and your mother were given the chance to have these second lives,you guys truly deserve this fresh start. Enoch,he- you're right,I refuse to see him the way others do." The last thing she wanted Enoch to feel was her,frightened by him.
Overall,she knew that everything she felt was due to the state of the inexplainable friendship she has with Enoch. For such a short span,she truly cares for him. Ever since day one,he did nothing but be true to her and surprisingly,his presence causes her such delight. And out of pure intentions,she showed him her true self as well.
He told her how hard people has to cope in order to get along with him. Usually,they end up adjusting,forcing frigid respect,viewing him as foul or simply,shallow. Days of being seen with those ticked pairs of eyes' must've made him believe them somehow. The world must've made him feel terrible in the skin he was in,and heart he has beating.
She swallowed,busying herself with the food she was trying so hard to taste despite her tensed state.
Right on cue,ten minutes later and when she was just about to finish her mug of coffee,Enoch made his appearance to the dining room. Unfortunately,Mrs. Dust and Ronaldo just happened to finish their own sets of meal and exchanged glances at each other,curiosity were ebbed in their eyes as they await for whatever it is that'll happen between the two tensed adults.
Olive blinked and raised her eyes to look at him. Her guilt lessened when she saw his state. Clearly,he slept more than she did;she looked as if she crammed one week's work into one night and all she needs was coffee to keep her sane. Consciously,she moved some wild strands from her face,trying to fill in the gaping,unmoving silence.
One of his brows lowered slightly,yet he stopped himself from making a full on frown at that time of the day. Her eyes were not afraid to show the guilt that shine from them and he felt as if she already knew the damage she caused that she does not deserve to be tortured with his cold shoulder.
He sighed inwardly,yet Olive saw how his tensed shoulders became eased and relaxed.
"Good morning Enoch" Thus,she decided to greet him,testing the waters,yet it ended up lame and weak. Her mug inside her hands were nothing beside the heat that crawled on her cheeks.
He gave her a sharp nod,sitting himself to the chair next to her. She raised her mug to the point of her lips,kissing the lid slightly,arranging the sides to a sheepish smile. With such,Mrs. Dust and Rolando nodded to no one,walking away from the scene in front of them.
Her sips were slow,collecting the heat and bittersweet taste upon her tongue,it calmed her somehow. On her side,she kept staring at him. Enoch seemed unaware of her eyes. He raised his own mug,sipped one sharp intake and settled it upon the table with a resounding exhale. Then,with a slight glance to her- he held her gaze for a heartbeat long,he started eating.
She sighed,clasping her mug tightly inside her hands. She knows the difference between uneasy and relaxed silence like how she knows the difference between her and Emma Bloom;growing up,she always wanted to be like her,yet life seemed to have other plans in line. And so she brushed her strands to the back of her ear and looked at him directly,swallowing her heart for it to go back in her chest.
"Hey Enoch?"
He fixed her his usual nonchalant expression,"yes?"
"I just want to apologize. I was inconsiderate,I should have thought about how dangerous it could get out there,being as I am just a tourist here. You welcomed me to your home,all you ever wanted was for me to do my job well,and I failed you," she breathed in and gave him a small,sheepish smile,"I'm sorry".
He frowned,his dark brows and dark rims hooding his blue eyes. She fought herself from glancing away,she was determined not to back down. Then,those hardened expression slowly softened,he shook his head and turned away.
"You don't need my forgiveness to stay,Ms. Elephanta"
He continued eating,ignoring the defeated look upon her face. Her lips quirked and she sighed,standing up from her seat with her plate and mug on hand.
She frowned,seemingly upset. Behind the archway to the kitchen,she saw Mrs. Dust and Rolando smiling and bonding over washing the dishes,she then remembered the thoughts that were being quieted down ever since he came. She shouldn't give up with just one rejection,he was more than that.
And he needs to know it whether he likes it or not.
"You are my friend and you are important to me. I can't just go around living my life when I know I've wronged you. I am not that type of person to run away from people I care about. I fight for them". She waited,standing upon her spot like an idiot. She knows there wasn't a big of a chance he'll reply,and she was right. She forced a smile,relieved that she finally crossed whatever she wanted to say. It was a new day,she knows it'll be kinder.
The new day was definitely not kinder. For one,Olive Elephanta ripped her heart out for him to see that he was infact,inside there somewhere. Then,the soon to be Mrs. Avocet,updated them with the date they saw fit.
And it was not a date he saw fit. No,not at all.
Nobody inside the company knows about how much he suffers during that day. He might've had experience some tear jerking moments in his life,but that memory left him scarred. He couldn't just let go of it.
How can he do so if,every time September twenty-two comes along,the sound of the coming waves resonate in his head,bringing him back the image of the lifeless body that belonged to his best friend?
He bumped his head,once,twice,upon his steering wheel. Olive Elephanta did not know how much she utterly affects people. He was willing to forget about his episode that night,yet she had other plans in mind. She held him up with her hands and flat out,unintentionally,asked him to be raw. He was important to her. And he knows it was true.
But how can he let her in if he doesn't know how? If he does not usually show himself to anyone and he was content with that?
Yet,the thumping of his heart beat quite erratically and Victor's voice whispered inside his head.
If he was there,he might've told him to stop being such a dick to that pretty and friendly girl.
But Victor wasn't there,he's dead. He's dead. He's dead.
and it was all his fault.
Somewhere in the back of his mind,he knew how much he craved for the impossible. And that impossible hid him well from the outside world. Emma Bloom was impossible for him to take,Victor Bruntley cannot be risen from the dead. And that boy didn't like being awaken from his sleep.
He was a coward,always behind the fantasies of denial. Utterly pessimistic. So alone.
The red light shone,dangling on the post. His tears went cold upon his cheeks,sticky and shining at the right light. He snorted,disgusted with himself. Yet,still,he felt the same hollow feeling inside his chest. His thoughts were shouting at him,taunting him with words he knows he was.
Why was he thirty and still lost?
What a mess.
It was a heartbeat of a decision yet he decided to follow the impulse. The trees began to collect themselves aplenty,they lined next to one another as if leading him to the perfect spot. Indeed it does.
The road was familiar and foreign all at once. It was not the usual drive to the way home,yet he goes there occasionally,when he needs a good shout or moment of deep silence and tranquility. The sun was weak behind the dark old road,and he followed.
Broad spacings between cabins and diners lengthened. He could see familiar faces inside the food places as well. There weren't much in that side of east London,but he felt attached to it by the comfort it provided him. Somehow,it could be Cairnhold if he'd squint.
He parked to the patch of soil and grass,glancing his gaze up to the slight uphill that'll lead him to the cliff. The wind decided to be cooperative and grazed pass his skin with the right amount of coldness he needed. His dress pants looked awkward,wrinkling here and there,yet his black shoes stood their ground,climbing himself erect. He also did not mind that his tie continuously slap his chest.
The sound of slapping waves caused terror inside his chest,but he ushered forward. The slight uphill of the cliff ended when all he ever felt underneath the soles of his shoes were pebbles and hard swells of some rocks. The skies above welcomed him back with their fluffy gray clouds,softening the blue that once shone upon the glistering of the deep sea below.
He stood five steps close to the precipice,far enough that he'd need not to worry if he'd fall and close enough for him to see the movements of random sways and the crashing of the waves against the cliff.
Right then,he started to laugh hoarsely,frowning as if in pain. And he was. He closed his eyes for a minute,collapsing mentally to the familiar sounds of the sea and how it punished him so. He gritted his teeth,his lips stretching,and he screamed.
Broken cries erupted from his throat. He shouted for his anguish,for the pain he does not know how to let out and to let go.
His hands balled into fists and soon,he was throwing stones in the wind,watching them fly and then be gone. How they float against the air viciously and fall way too fast.
Everything happened way too fast. He was gone way too fast.
And Enoch was left with the pieces of the memory. He was way too slow with forgetting.
He sat upon the ground,messy and tired. The shallow depth captivated him to a trance that silenced his anguish. He only stared,his mind was left with nothing to think about. The weak sun still shined,but it lowered down bit by bit until the sea swallowed it whole. He couldn't help but snort.
The silence was interrupted with the sound of his phone alerting him for a call. He breathed in and out to calm himself. His quivering hand fished his phone from his pocket,glancing to an unfamiliar number he hadn't encounter before.
He swiped the screen and waited for the other line.
"Hello Enoch?"
Olive Elephanta's voice surprised him. On the other end,she sounded unsure and worried. Aside from greeting or offering formality and pleasantries,he instead responded:"How did you get my number?"
And her usual mirth came back with her honest response. "I got it from Rolando. I planned on surprising you by coming home early,then I'd ask for your number,but you're not here." There was a slight pause before he could hear her sigh and continue. "I understand that you're still mad at me. If you want,I could lock myself in my room or rent a hotel room just to get away,or yeah,stay in that hotel room you're in,I won't beg you to come home but,please tell me you'd be alright? Mrs. Dust,Rolando,and I am really worried,yeah I'm not in the right position to tell you all of these,since I for one wronged you the same way,well,not the same same way but you-" he rolled his eyes and snorted,her voice filled in the silence,overlapping the crashes of the waves below. He did not think anything could.
"I'm going home" he said plainly.
"Enoch?"
He groaned deeply,"yes Elephanta?"
"I'm sorry Enoch,please forgive me"
"I won't if you'd continue apologizing." He jogged his way down the path,his phone in his hand. He realized they stopped shaking.
"Okay," he felt and knew she smiled behind her screen,"oh and Enoch?"
"Yes,Olive?"
"Drive safe"
He did not respond to that. Her words matched the softness of her voice,he also felt how she truly meant it. He blamed his thoughts from clearing because he was then warm and spent. It was the calm after the storm and he knows there'll be another one coming. If only he thinks just like Olive,who basked too long in the sun,she carried on some rays with her.
The rest of the ride home was spent with silence. His eyes were a little red but thanks to his dark rims,he could easily hide himself,he just do so wish he'd groan all the way to avoid Olive's prodding nature.
I know I focus more on their impending relationship in the chapters,I'll try to include as much action as I could without having any knowledge about wedding planning and ballet or the performing arts. Oh and also insert characters such as Sam,Sharon,and Zachary as much as possible!

Itzel,gracias for your touching review! You motivated me to update this early x
Warning:May I repeat that this story is rated T for a reason;)Chapter SevenOpposite Sides:Vulnerability
His footsteps echoed through the hallway. Immediately,her eyes drifted,seemingly alert. She pushed her plate further,her utensils neatly lined at the side,showing off the glistering light on the ceramic for the absence of her consumed food. Despite a heartbeat of uncertainty,her welcoming smile was ready to meet him. They thought he will not go back because of the mishap,yet he was and very much like himself with his brooding.
Unfortunately,that smile altered as soon as she saw him. His dress shirt was wrinkly and his hair was somewhat messier than it always was. Olive also noted the slight red in his dark eyes. It drawn her aback,she hasn't seen him display anything close to whatever he feels,but somehow,that sadness illuminated in his orbs. She uttered his name,soft and quiet,yet he still heard her. He blinked back and tilted his head further to his feet,his blonde strands blocking his eyes.
Somewhere in front of her,Mrs. Dust whispered and Ronaldo spoke,requesting for his presence to the dining table. In return,he politely,yet blankly,declined their offer. Although his stomach might've rumbled,he told them he felt unwell. It might be a cold,he said.
And he once told her she's extremely bad at making excuses.
She glanced at Mrs. Dust who was also looking back. There was a shade of worry in the older woman's deep eyes and Olive absentmindedly nodded. Upon the floor,Enoch's feet began to sound adrift from them,first from the thumping against the same footings,then to the escalated stairs,up to the resounding click of his door.
Ronaldo stared at his absent form next to her seat,"I'm guessing the meeting didn't end well." She narrowed her eyes at him and then glanced sadly to Enoch's vacant spot,pure concern was written on her expressive face. It made her upset to think that he'd been skipping dinner all because she'd been careless.
Which was why she stood up abruptly. "What are you doing Miss Olive?" Ronaldo asked. "He needs to rest." And she explained stubbornly.
"He will."
"He doesn't know what that word means,then"
"He'd push you away"
"I don't care,I'd trick him if I must. Never mind if he'd get angry,I've been so reckless and such a bad friend for far too long,Ronaldo"
She glided from her seat,way pass his pitying eyes,then to the vacant kitchen. Below the cupboard was a rounded black mantle that adorned porcelain cups,saucers,teapots,and a black rounded kettle,which she walked directly to. She removed the kettle from the set,rinsed the insides from any possible bacteria that could worsen one's virus,and filled it once more with the tap water. Once done and had the kettle heavy,she ignited the stove to life and placed the container upon the white circle.
She took a step back and watched as the black inside the circle lighten with red. Behind the arch,Mrs. Dust and Ronaldo kept on glancing at the back of her neck,worried and confused with how affected she was. She shrugged their glances off and continued with her waiting. The bowl she's intending to use was rinsed,waiting innocently to be of value upon the countertop,near the dining arch. She then busied herself on counting the white dotted designs on the ceramic before the kettle became measurably warm.
Behind her,soft footsteps walked their way to her back and then,right next to her. Relying to her peripheral vision,a shawl's end danced to sight. Mrs. Dust placed a tray to the counter and rummaged through her stock of bland crackers in the cupboard on the other side of the kitchen.
"I really hope he'll find peace as well. Must be fun to see him just be himself without this stress he's in." The temperature in the room rose,signaling her of her kettle. After returning back a small smile to the older woman,she straightened her posture and went straight to the stove,shutting the fire off.
She tipped and filled the bowl with warm water. The warmth diffused slightly and she cannot help but to relax the stressed muscles on her face. She smiled suddenly,knowing just how much a warm water can relax anyone,even the lying,brooding man a floor distant to her.
The smile was still on her face when she turned. Despite the confusion and rejection she felt in such stressful moment,her determination overpowered her inward sighs. She was not much of a stuck-in-the moment person,only for things and those she honestly value. If one acquaintance does not want to expand a friendship,she'll be alright to let go of it. Didn't she doubted her goal of reaching her estrange mother? Yet Enoch reminded her that everybody was worth fighting for.
Yes,she values him that much. After all,he's her friend.
She caught Mrs. Dust's eyes studying her,though without any malice. Once her eyes met the darker ones,the woman smiled kindly. The latter grabbed her hand and squeezed,there were gratitude,kindness,and a secret that was passed,though Olive,with her wild imagination,cannot pin point it out. Mrs. Dust must've sensed something with her intelligent brain that she cannot follow to. Instead of answering the younger woman,she grabbed her tray,which Olive did not know when she prepared or if she grabbed it from the dining table,but it was already sporting a brewed tea and yes,the crackers.
They made a bee line to the stairs,then up to the horizontal hallway that led to doors and glass windows. Olive was the first out of the three and the bowl in her hands gave her enough reality check to remind her that things could go horribly wrong than go incredibly right inside the lion's den. Yet,here she was again,pushing herself to be trapped.
She exhaled sharply and tried to incline her head,though her knees gave a little wobble. That did not go unnoticed by Ronaldo,who snickered at the back of the line with a fresh shirt,clean towel,and much to Olive's averting eyes,boxer shorts. Apparently,the three of them really grew up treating each other as family and Olive would not chicken out just because she was reminded how Enoch was actually a man with a face that could clearly be loved not only by his mother and a body-
Her eyes went wide and she mentally slapped herself. Of course she'd think of that,she's twenty five after all and nobody could deny he's a looker. She was just grateful she randomly thought of such scene way before she's face to face with the man in that daydream. She couldn't imagine his face if he'd find out,which as blabber mouth and feisty as she is,she would not ever tell.
Her thought led her face to face,close enough but still,to his door. She calmed down her nerves and knocked as gracious and gentle as she could. She heard a deep sigh from the other side and a:"What?" which she glanced around for Mrs,Dust who only shook her head and swayed her hand,an indication for her to try again.
She repeated knocking the same faint thuds. For a few breaths,his familiar weighing when he walks were stepping upon his floor. Then,the sound stopped and the door knob rotated clockwise,which revealed them the Enoch they all cared about. He stood in front of her with still,as much as they all guessed,with his work clothes on and a tired face.
"What is this Olive?" She could've grinned real big when he sounded as if he'd call her that permanently,yet she stood her ground and focused on the concern and being stern for him.
"You look dreadful"
"Gee,thanks for the compliment,you can go now"
He was about to slam the door shut but she pushed her strong bowl at the gap,the water inside swished and splashed against the boulders yet thankfully,nothing spilled. "You are sick Enoch,you say so yourself,you caught a cold."
She dared his eyes to speak. He glared at her for a long second,then gave up and rolled his eyes. "Just leave those stuff upon the table,thank you."
"No and you're welcome." She could feel his eyes as she pass him and went straight to his dim room. She strode far enough for him to acknowledge that she'd not go anywhere and for Mrs. Dust and Ronaldo to settle the stuff upon his coffee table. Also,she was close enough that she'd not invade his space forcibly. Her eyes glanced to him with an apology and optimism within,hoping he could get the message.
He was about to reply but Mrs. Dust,the mother among all of them stood in front of him and smiled encouragingly,her hand cupping the tall man's jaw with such maternal care. Enoch glanced back at Olive then back to Mrs. Dust,hardening his stare as he read her. Olive watched with respect,smiling with the way Enoch then sighed in defeat,letting them win the round he'd been fighting against.
Mrs. Dust turned around to have her gaze directed to her,and she nodded out of instinct. The woman has such air around her that'll make one relax and believe in themselves. She seemed as if she knows everything she's doing. "Yes Mrs. Dust,I'll take care of him." She reassured.
Nodding,the woman made her exit with her son in tow.
When the door closed,Enoch sighed and sinked in his bed. Olive was left standing on the space between his coffee table and his walk in closet,trying to take everything in. Inside the warmth of the dark room,she still shivered. It was no secret that Enoch was living in extravagance,but she was still left in-awe and completely felt small with such huge master's.
Enoch cleared his throat. He was sitting with his back against his dark wooden head board,half of his body hidden inside his gray comforters. His eyes were bold despite the faint puffiness of his eyelids. She smiled easily,shaking her head from the overwhelming size of his room;just when she was about to adjust with the house's spacious content,here she was inside his'.
"I can take care of myself"
She chose not to respond to such resistance,"you lay there and get comfy,leave this to me ok? I will take care of you," and turned to avert his stubborn eyes "you and I both know I did not actually catch a cold right?" With that question,she paused,not speaking for a moment,keeping her own stubborn self in check. Thankfully,Enoch let her be as she fixed her station. She took the the towel from the pile,dipped it in the bowl and brought her hands at the each sides to hold it still.
"Yet you've not slept right these past few days. You need some rest,yes?"
"So rest I shall! Very well then,you can leave now"
She gave him a blank look and he raised his eyebrow in return. "Let me do this,Enoch"
When he did not respond,she edged to him further,the bowl still held inside her arms. Even with his lack of response,his eyes cannot seem to leave her be,they await for her as she come closer and closer. As a result,she shifted awkwardly with her knees struggling to stay put upon his mattress.
Trying hard not to lose her firmness,she climbed in his never ending mattress with her brave eyes still locked to his' and her knees doing all the work and balance as gracefully as she could. The water inside the bowl moved slightly,though thankfully,she had reached his side before getting such huge chance to fall and splash everything around.
She inched as close as she could;to be able to get job done without looking awkward. Enoch's hand flexed in alarm as her left knee lightly grazed on the cold skin of his arm. She shrugged the tension that tried to rise on her cheeks and instead,tried a comforting smile,in which made him blush but his hand did relax.
Her hands dug in the bowl for the towel and squeezed the cloth for water residues. "You may be a liar,but you sure are not feeling well." She brought the cloth to his cheek,patting the skin gently. He stiffened beneath but she only sticked her tongue out playfully and avert her touches to his forehead. He grunted and closed his eyes,he cannot seem to point out why he liked the soothing feather like touches of her fingers. "You're still worse in making up excuses though."
"Pfft,you just don't want Mrs. Dust to worry,do you?" She plunged the towel back to the water and repeated the process,though this time,it began to his other cheek,down to his chin.
"Because I thought I'll escape her excessive and unneeded caregiving and her knowing glances," he rolled his eyes and she chuckled. "pity me,the second one's the most persistent person in the whole population of Cairnholm"
"Is that a compliment,Enoch?" He gave her a judging glare.
"Doesn't matter,you'll take it as one anyway."
"You know what,I've been thinking."
"Wow,that's dangerous"
"We," she pressed the towel to his lips,pointing him,"should call her Mama Dust,the missus sounds so detached and she deserves to receive that love she gives."
He snorted. "That's a potential drag queen name,Olive"
She smiled easily. He might actually feel unwell for the excessive times he used her name in just one evening. "And they're utterly bizarre"
"She'll love it"
"Duh,of course she would"
Their conversation died out and she continued her work. She did the sequence with the towel once more. "Up" She simply stated,motioning for him to lift himself so that she'd position him to a comfy position. He raised himself up by his elbows,head and chest sprang out as his eyes avoided hers'. Her one available hand fished inside the gap between his back and the bed,pulling his head pillow slightly downwards. She pushed him gently once done.
She was hovering beneath him,her shadow casting his face some sort of new dim. Her available hand held his chin and tilted him gently,his pale neck stretched fully for her own eyes. He did not know if she could hear the odd beatings of his heart;his reasoning was his obvious unfamiliarity with physical comfort.
But she still delved in,her hand with the towel touching the skin of his neck. Slowly,the towel pass by the adam's apple curving in the middle of his throat,down to the space between his collarbones.
Her eyes met his' despite the dark that surround them. She saw the blueness of his always hidden eyes,staring back at her with an expression she could not place. He was looking at her with his brows furrowed,his lips slightly open,revealing some appearance of his two front teeth. She,besides the obvious erratic movements in the top of her belly,was left speechless and slightly trembling.
Damn you attraction.
"Arms" her voice was low but he seemed to hear her though. He nodded aimlessly and offered the closest arm for her. She brought one hand clasping his elbow,the other with the towel to his shoulder blade,tracing the sides of the bone with her fingers beside the cloth.
"Relax,Enoch." She did not know if it was for him,or hers as well. One thing though,his name left her mouth with a low tone that even the most oblivious person could decipher the sudden shift.
He bobbed his head. "I am not tensed"
She released much effort to smile back,bringing her attention to his wrist. The towel travelled around his wrist and climbed up to his palm and slim fingers. Her other hand grabbed his palm,her fingertips pressed to the bases of each digits and suddenly,that was the most intimate hand holding he ever experienced.
The warmth spread in that hand and he was conscious with how warm and dainty her flesh was.
"You seemed to know what you're doing" He tried to focus themselves back to what makes sense.
"You know how kids are,their immune system gets really busy with all those viruses trying to break in"
"Ah,you still go there?"
She stopped her ministrations to his hand and pulled his other arm to avert the same attention.
"I help Wyn-wyn tend the children,they're really awesome," her lips formed a small real smile and suddenly,her eyes lit up to him. "Wait,if I use my memory correctly,a little birdy told me you actually went there?"
"Who told you?" He pried off his hand from her,taken aback,"it's Mrs. Dust,isn't it?" but she grabbed his hand and pulled back.
"Well,technically,she did not tell me." She paused for a moment,realizing how much she ruined the moment. "I'm sorry,I should not have known it."
He understood why Mrs. Dust felt the need to open the topic up. It was hers' and her son's story,he has no say in it to be frank. Besides,knowing those two,he knew they did not go completely subjective with his role in their storytelling. It was probably just a small detail that interested Olive Elephanta because she too,happened to have lived in the same home. She had found it fascinating that they somehow,breathed the same air and stepped on the same ground once,in a different time.
It was not that he sees Olive Elephanta as an untrustworthy person. It was just that he prefers being cautious in all ways. It was extremely hard for him to trust anybody. Nobody has it easy anyway.
The weight beside him was gone but his eyes were still distracted,staring at his hands upon his thighs. He couldn't handle her knowing him that deeply when in fact,he did not permit her so. He couldn't handle her pitying him,she'd have this idea in her head that perhaps,he's as pessimistic as he is because he needed saving. He does not need any saving.
"Take your shirt off"
"What?" He blinked in surprise,his train of thoughts interrupted by a cliff that is her. He's still not used to how the mechanisms inside her head goes. She was quite a firecracker,intense,feisty and all over the place,he simply tries to accept the fact that he'd always be surprised.
"Relax,Enoch," her voice was playful,but her shoulders and back were tensed. "You obviously need to change to comfy ones," she bounced off of his bed and collected the pile from the coffee table. He saw a peak of his undergarment that did not help him get any ease at all. He mentally hushed his thoughts and tried to cover the rising red that threatened to show. "Or you rather sleep unclothed?"
She was extremely impossible.
His ears tinged pink as his eyes hardened at her.
It was an innocent question,though the way Olive's lips sprung to a mischievous smile made him uncomfortably hot. He was a human being designed with human mechanisms. It wasn't like he blocked himself from feeling.
"I-I will change,yeah. Just um" he mentally cursed himself for stuttering,"don't peak or whatever"
He stood from his bed and walked across her. Her eyes were glued to him,but he cannot seem to meet them. He decided the moment was really messed up,he was showing her how vulnerable he could be and she was basking in such weakness with her full smile and powerful eyes.
He took his clothes grumpily and entered his walk-in closet,making sure that he shut the door behind him.
Behind the other side,Olive peeled herself from the bed as well and collected the tray of crackers and tea. She then placed it upon his bed side table. Once done with making sure his food was still warm,she sat on the edge of his bed,a deep sigh leaving her nose.
All was borderline well until she mentioned his stay in Cairnholm,the pleasant mood,albeit the normal attraction she no longer deny,was immediately put off. Thanks to her blabbering mouth,she felt his retaliation once more.
She let her back fall to the mattress,her feet dangling to the edge. The red and green lights illuminate to his ceiling and she stared at them. She could imagine him laying in the same bed with his thoughts busy and eyes glued to the reflection,looking for an answer inside the deafening silence. Could imagine him groaning in his fluffy pillow,stretching his limbs just to occupy the spaces. He has such huge bed to accompany his spacious room after all.
Her eyes closed themselves as she let her thoughts bother her. It was possibly his bed that has such toll,or his scent that linger in his comforters,which she breathed in,that made her mind decide to give him for her to think about.
The closet door slid open and he paused next to his coffee table,taken aback by her presence laying down his bed. She rolled to her side as soon as she heard his presence. Her eyes opened and awkwardly averted their view once she registered where they were placed to. Her pair travelled from his,much to her embarrassment,navel,up to his face. She greeted him a hello and he nodded. For a seemingly,minute or two,he stared at her,waiting for her to get off,which she made no plans on doing so. He gave up and crawled at his side of the bed,his toes a few inches away from her back.
He found the tray upon his side and much to Olive's hopefulness,he decided to eat.
She rolled to her back,her side profile revealed to the munching man. Her eyes were straight ahead,looking at the colors reflecting on his ceiling. He recognized her look,it was a part of the same ceremonial he has whenever he's distracted with his thoughts. He gave in and stared at them as well.
"Everybody seems to think that by being inherently optimistic,one is free from all of life's issues," her voice,a soft melody,hang in the air,"but that's full of shit. I lost it. I lost her. I am not the same eternally optimistic Olive anymore. I've always thought,by being one step closer to finding my mother would make me feel at ease,but as it turns out,I am not. I am still lost,scared of why I feel so- unsure,so doubting. There are also times when I feel so accusing,so angry at her. And that's not me,that's not what I should be. I'm just so,so scared."
The silence came back along with her choked breath. Her chest rose and fell in an erratic motion as if waves thrashing angrily at sharp rocks. He looked at her with unreadable eyes and it was probably because he was taken aback by her trust. She showed him her vulnerability and he felt ashamed for thinking that her skeletons and her closets were all irrational. Olive Elephanta was a book that he only read the synopsis and disregarded afterwards. Of whom he thought was always walking on sunshine actually has rain and shadows following her tail.
Life's unfair. Truly.
She made no attempt to face him. She spilled out the heavy weight she'd been feeling over the past few years. After all this time,she tried to be little miss Olive as best as she could;smiling and believing in a positivity she sometimes do not believe in anymore. For quite some time,everybody did not question it,for everybody does the same. They act put together and she knows they expected her to be happy. They did not want to worry the other and so they deepen the holes in their souls,pretending all was well.
It was a series of unspoken commands.
Be happy,Olive. Shine,ignore the flickering light of doubt. Offer help and forget you needed one. Do not make Wyn worry. Do not crumble. The world needs your smile.
Then,Enoch came along. He was true to her ever since the start. He was a fresh page in her life that opened too many possibilities. There weren't any expectations in his part as to how she was supposed to act,he simply let her be. He was not afraid to show the world how screwed life could be and she admired that of him. She became attracted with how he made her feel as if she was not alone. It was as if she was allowed to laugh over,admit some silly things and also,rant about her misfortunes with him and he wouldn't think of her any else. She cared about him too much because frighteningly,it was not just because she was guilty,but perhaps,unconsciously,she's slowly needing him. And him,her,as well.
Her tears continued to fall silently,over what? She cannot seem to comprehend. Lost,sad,hurt,anger,everything came spilling under her eyelids. She never felt so tired but glad for a long while.
"Life is unfair,Olive. One thing fair about it is everybody has their own demons." He started,his thick accent was soft and comforting. "And that does not exclude you,the likes of you. Nobody can be so incredibly happy all the time,that's screwed up."
She smiled against the fogginess of her sight. It now struck him how different the night was slowly turning out.
"I didn't- you- you did well in hiding your feelings,my skills weeped because you did it albeit being kind to humans. But that's not the point." He breathed in and out,having trouble putting everything to words. "Your feelings,those are yours,a part of you that makes you,you. You are so raw,so compassionate,despite how foreign I am with such things,I advice that you do not change that. People like you,Olive,deserve to feel because that's what makes you human."
His mind brought him Victor,but he fought and continued.
"No matter what happens,you'd find yourself in the end. I do not know why you seem to think that you are no longer that little feisty Olive years and years ago,but I still see her. Yes,you're taller and now have mother nature's blessings," despite the seriousness of the moment,they both blushed,"you grew up,but the same eyes,the same wonder,the same longing,the same spunk,those are still in you. You may not remember me,but you've always sought your mum. You'd cry,fall,get hurt,but you rise afterwards,run around enjoying the fragility of your life."
"You remember me,but I can't seem to- I'm sorry"
"Doesn't matter. you were just young then,barely even completed your set of teeth." She snorted and chuckled,but that was not his point."And you are doing those things. You're stuck with me and yet,you find ways to see me in a positive light. I will never understand your mechanisms,but I do know how utterly strong you are as yourself. Being lost and weak do not change that."
She took one harsh intake of breath,her wet lips stretching to a tired smile. Relief. Relief filled her with warmth she did not think would ever feel so good. To hear such words from his usually sarcastic mouth made her feel them way too much. Here they were,two lost souls finding comfort in each other's doubts and thoughts,trying to lift the other up in hopes of redemption. She never thought she'd live the day that she'd meet such impossible man,but she did. All because she was uncertain and wandering.
Her cold arms found their way around her,cradling herself in a cocoon inside another person's bed. The said person watched,yet his eyes were shy as though he does not know if he was allowed to see her state.
"She-she left me when I was eight. She told me she'd come back but she didn't. I hate how she's living the rest of her life as if I did not exist,as if I am not suffering. Most importantly,I hate how I'm still hoping she'll come around,that I still want to hug her once more."
Their breaths mingled with one another,exhaustion clear in their eyes. His chest wanted to burst with all the truth she was so willing to give. A part of him wanted to desperately to blurt out the pain haunting his head. He wanted to feel the same vulnerability and ease she now has,but he cannot seem to speak. He was at loss for words,his own hidden emotions clogging his stomach,drowning him.
Loneliness crept in and he resisted the urge to break down. The night was already silent,crying for him. For them.
Somewhere beneath his comforters,Olive Elephanta's hand crawled to his'. Her fingers smoothed his palm,tracing random lines on his flesh. Her eyes travelled to his face,scanning him as his expression was blank.
"You deserve to feel as well,Enoch. Everything that is human."
"I don't"
She did not respond and went back to staring at his ceiling.
"Can I hold your hand?"
"Will that make you feel better?"
"For both of us?"
He did not answer,but his hand scooped in,taking her hand much closer,snuggling it deeper. Her fingers held his' tightly,their palms meeting in their warmth.
They did not let go until her eyes closed and her breathing went deep. He sighed and disentangle his hand from hers,climbing down his bed to take care of her.
The night really did not go as planned.
Her face was peaceful yet the trails her tears left were glistering in the right light. He snorted as he pull the sleeve of his shirt to wipe the runny snot that clogged her nose. She did not squirm and so he concluded that she's a heavy sleeper.
He scooped her right up,one hand behind her neck and the other behind her knees. She was light weighed in his arms,curling in as she sought for comfort. Her head lolled inside,laying on his shoulder,shaking her head once,twice,to get to the uttermost fluff. She might've thought he was a pillow;which he cannot help but grunt and roll his eyes.
It took him a few seconds to open his door with a woman-child in his arms. He tried to shrug a weird feeling creeping in him but he was so tired to even think about it. His eyes never left her flushed face,occasionally laughing at it whenever she'd open her mouth and giggle. Even in her dreams,Olive was silly.
He moved to the hallway and almost bumped to Mrs. Dust. The woman looked at them curiously,but he only stared. Her expression was all he needed,she was trying to decipher what had just happened.
"Don't worry," he said,smiling the way he only knew how. Mrs. Dust nodded slowly,as though puzzled,but still managed to give him an encouraging smile he was so familiar about. The smile that helped him when he felt so low as a child. The motherly smile that made him feel as if he really do matter. "Oh,and thank you,Mama Dust."
He left her standing still in her spot,wearing the smile he only knew how to make,and reminded the sleeping girl of predators and the cheshire cat.
Thank you for reading! What can you say about the chapter? I do so hope they are not out of their elements. I sort of wanted them to be more human as possible but I worry they got a bit carried away and became two new characters. But anyway,I really hope you liked it! Do leave a review.

Thank you so much for those who are anticipating to the chapters of this story! I am really glad you liked it. Hopefully,I will never bring you guys down. 
I do apologize for the grammatical errors,I get really excited to post new chapters before editing,but I'd edit em when I get the chance. I hope you'd love this chapter and leave a lovely review. 
PS:I do not own MPHFPC and Romeo + JulietChapter 8Opposite Sides:What is Unexpected
"That was marvelous,what you did"
A week had passed by ever since that night. The days were polite and Enoch did seem to warm up with calling her by her first name. They grew somewhat comfortable to the other's presence. Olive could now grab his arm whenever she's telling her stories and he now,does not flinch,that much,mind you,with her proximity.
Such improvement altered her mood drastically,which was why she received a few claps from Madame Wren for the performance she did for the day's session. And Zachary,with his charming,boyish smile,and such thick Scottish accent that could melt butter,noticed and praised her.
He looked down on her,hair disheveled and cheeks a bit pink because of the session. He looked like a tooth paste commercial actor,all teeth,dimples and mint. She's such a sucker for dental smells.
Her lips formed one huge grin. Warmth spread to her chest,up to her cheeks.
"You do those things as well,Zachary" She pushed him,her fist nudging his elbow. He fake rubbed the spot,his bottom lip pulled out and thick brows furrowed. "Is that how you say thank you to your cavalier?"
She rolled her eyes playfully,looping her hand in his arm.
"Shall we,my dashing knight?"
"So we shall whisk away,my beautiful highness"
She let him take the lead. He insisted on giving her a ride home. This time,when she texted Enoch about the request,he asked just why was she asking for his approval,and flat out told her she need not to wait for him for he has alot on his plate. A small part of her was disappointed,yet she did not let it show and instead,she focused on the image of Zachary with his leather jacket and humongous,glistering bike. Her estrogens were probably celebrating inside her body.
The air from outside was traveling,sending goosebumps to her still open pores. Wind swayed along the sides of her bangs,kissing her skin gently with their caresses. By her side,Zachary stared at her openly,his neatly proportioned teeth were showing.
"You danced with so much passion out there,Olive,it was though you really were engulfed in the situation. In love,if I say so myself." He looked at her with questions in his eyes and she blinked back curiously.
"I am,with my craft" She explained. Somehow though,her conscious thoughts led her to her impossible housemate. Enoch,with his frigid,but comforting arms bringing her close,her nose nuzzling to the new shirt he wore that successfully smelled like him.
She could've opened her eyes then,but she was vaguely aware that to wake up meant to end such dream-like state. Although awkwardly initiated,he took care of her and she felt safe,most importantly,understood. She found it impossible not to think of him the rest of that night.
"Hopefully,I could be,as well"
Zachary still looked at her with the same glint. It was too hopeful,it made her stop her train of thoughts. It was not time to dwell in her confusion. Here she was,being treated well by such handsome man,yet she cannot help but zone out.
Yet,somehow,she still has her non-existing love story in her mind. Even the thought of having one with him,Enoch,made her blush,for she knows she cannot think of such thing regarding her friend. It was all wrong,she can't take advantage of his kindness just to feel the warmth in her tummy and the comfort in her tiring day.
"Olive?"
His head was tilted slightly and she couldn't help but smile sheepishly.
"Do you not like what you are doing,Zachary?"
"Do not get me wrong,I love dancing,really," he removed his stare and ushered forward to his glistering dark bike. "But for what? for whom? I've yet to meet my muse"
She stood in front of him and watched as his hand traveled across their space to hold hers. Reluctantly,he pressed his fingers on her chin,prying her eyes from their intertwined hands to look at him. Brown met green,and it was a forest of wildness and raw passion. She did not know of what missing muse was he talking about when he clearly was the muse of himself.
"For you,for yourself" She squeezed in his hand,repeating the same way she held onto Enoch's.
"Yet I found myself wanting to know what it's like,with the shape that is you"
There were few,but moments in her life when all the cliches in romcoms happen. The sun was warm,casting yellowish hue on East London,painting her with gold strikes as the man professing his love stare at her with such devotion. Then,she'd smile and lean in,coating his lips with the strawberry gloss she made sure to put on that morning-not for anyone,but because it makes her feel powerful.
But she gaped widely,the ends of her lips lifted to an amused smile. "Wow," she reacted dumbly,not knowing what to say.
"Would you let me,Olive?" The last relationship she had was pure,straight on crap. Going back to those days,she never fails to cringe. How on earth did she manage to stay in such toxic relationship for three whole years? And what did she even consumed that made her thought he was better than her first? She was eighteen,young and stupid,falling over boys who think they have the world to their feet with just a quick brush on their cropped hair. The bastard only wanted her when he was high.
But Zachary,charming,handsome Zachary,who thought she'd be his muse. It was quite a lot to take in.
"Zachary,the real question here is if you allow yourself to" She giggled,erasing the tension that rested on his shoulders.
"Of course"
"That's it,then. Come on,loverboy,I'm starving"
He nodded with a gorgeous smile on his face. "Wait just a minute,Helen of Troy" She halted upon his request.
He pulled the leather jacket and opened them for her.
Yes,it really was a romcom kind of scene.
She could feel the energy of his body a step behind,the warmth of his jacket hugging her frame like a burrito. He then guided her to the seat,in which he sat in front of her. The smell of his minty goodness filled her nostrils and she finally succumbed to the different kind of warmth;one that was clearly different from a few nights ago.
He had her hands wrapped around his torso tightly. Below his shirt,she could feel formations of abs that might've made her swoon. She appreciated them,yes,but they did not made her heart tug. Surprisingly,he did not even made her imagine unspeakable things. The realization somehow scared her,she cannot trust herself to close her eyes,for fear that she'd dream of a different scent to clog her nostrils.
When they arrived,Ronaldo's face was the first she saw. She cannot help but laugh at the dramatic expression on his face. He looked at her with humorous eyes that were filled accusations. Then,his gaze diverted to the man next to her,scrutinizing him from head to toe.
"Good evening,you are Ronaldo,aren't you? Olive told me a lot about you"
"She didn't with you"
"Hey,yes I do"
"Doesn't matter. Who dares step on the monster's lair whilst scurrying off with thine man's maiden?"
"I am nobody's keychain Ronaldo,geez"
Despite the pulsating want to defend herself,Olive cannot help but blush,yet quickly recovered right before anyone could've noticed. Foremost,she did not understand if she was not informed or people just like speaking so formally when threatened. Then,of course,it was no secret that Ronaldo's loyalty was with Mama Dust and Enoch's alone,and he very much loved teasing her with the so called owner of the lair. She just wished Zachary would choose not to mind the younger man.
"Hold your horses there thine sir,I shall leave then" Zachary still smiled amidst Ronaldo's persistent gate guard abilities. She shook Zachary's hand that was inside hers just enough for him to be distracted.
"You could come inside,I'm sure Enoch wouldn't mind. I'll make you my not that awesome,but ok,whipped cream ice cream"
From that,Ronaldo glared at her and sharply backed away from the scene,calling someone from his phone.
The front door opened rather suddenly. Mrs. Dust stepped out from the confines and saved them all. She smiled to their guest and shook his hand with her gracefulness. Much to Ronaldo's dismay,his mother ushered Zachary in with her in tow.
He stared at the sticky notes sticking out the pages of the presented organizer. Green,pink and blue lines were overlapping as he opens them with his hand. Written estimated dates were scribbled as were some sketches of cakes and dresses. Aside from the numbers and pen strokes,they've also construct the foundations of where values and amounts would go,such planning led them to providing choices and offers.
The meeting room was filled with wires,pictures,markers,notes,laptops and three adults. Sitting on the head was Enoch,then on his right was Horace,and left was Claire. They were preoccupied with their tasks in general that even Claire was frowning,picking up Horace's designs and giving out opinions.
He was relinquishing the silence that was too rare with the two. Ever since Olive came to the picture,Claire had been pestering him non stop about the state of their relationship,which of course was no where near being intimate. He always tell her they're friends of some sorts,and she'd sport such knowing grin,he cannot help but snort.
His phone vibrated on the table,breaking the spell that left him in peace. "It's Ronaldo,Enoch" Claire butted in,glaring at his screen disappointingly,no doubt,hoping it was her friend. "It is rude to pry,Claire."
He nodded his gratitude to his always prim and chivalrous colleague,Horace gave one back,then bowed down to continue with his draft. Upon the man'd head,he smirked at Claire,who only rolled her eyes and scoffed.
"Enoch?" Ronaldo's voice was too loud for a whisper. Even with the deepness of his tone,he could still be heard by the two people in the table.
"Yes?"
"Are you staying?"
"I am uncertain,though I might,why? Is there any emergency I should know about?"
"Yes,it's Olive"
His eyebrows quirked in concentration,he let his mind focus on the reasoning before he'd decide whether to panic or not. He pull all his energy to distinguish the strange calmness and secretive vibe Ronaldo's voice pertained. It cannot be something wretched.
"What of her?"
"She brought a pretty man,Enoch. That Zachary with his perfect teeth"
Olive.
He glanced at her name in the screen,noticing the absence of availability. It did not bug him to know that she's possibly,searching for a person to well,watch cheesy movies and enjoy PDAs with-just the thought of those gooey romantic comedy sceneries make him cringe. So why on earth was Ronaldo reporting such things to him?
"Well,good for her"
"Are you not going to judge him at least?"
"I've seen the boy,Ronaldo. He's perfect for her"
The line went silent and he allowed himself to take it. He truly was happy that someone like Zachary would woo his impossible friend. Although she's quite a challenge to put up with,along all of the energy and random,silly things,she's Olive,a woman who has a heart bigger than her own body and a smile that could make anyone's heart tug.
He frowned,confused with how his thoughts strung themselves.
"Go home early,at least."
It was a pathetic excuse,but at least he did not use the wild card,Mama Dust,as to get him to come home urgently. Ronaldo,much to his obvious want to tease them so,gave him the free will to choose. He did not bother to close the conversation formally,his thumb hovered to end the call.
He went back to the notes,flipping them back and forth as his peripheral vision checks on the time in his watch.
"There's not much we could do with these,Enoch. Besides,we're already a few steps ahead with this project" Horace offered,placing the pencil next to his sketch pad. He already drew five wedding gowns on the paper,each with a serpentine shape and shimmering tools. So far,the bride was pleased with the notion that they're following every details of her dream dress.
"Is that so? Then,we might as well be a meter ahead,"he sounded irritated,though he was not. "We couldn't fit all these guests if we'd go with that huge arch and statues"
"Oh Enoch,eyes to the price my oblivious friend,I'm afraid you're missing out" Claire said nonchalantly,her eyes not meeting his'. The man next to her looked at their exchange yet Claire just sighed. "Horace,I think you should shorten the veil a little bit,you know? To show the world how she truly feels? Feelings shouldn't be kept hidden,especially love."
"You're talking nonsense Densmore,what are you on about?"
"Well,yes,Claire,but we could make it thinner then? To compromise with her ideas?"
Enoch groaned and decided not to meddle in. Claire and Horace were some hopeless romantics and he does not blend in with that. Emma Bloom was the only person who he thinks worthy of such notice,and he is yet falling in love? He's extremely foreign with such abstract. Few women came and walked away,not liking the way he's so detached and indifferent to them. And he definitely did not like the way they tried hard to change him.
Was it true though,that he's missing out? Of course it depends on who you'd ask,what they prioritize. Sometimes,he thinks about it,what could be the rational reasoning behind the neurotic ways people do when in love. Those people whom he thought were calm and composed,act extremely opposite when it comes to conflicts regarding relationships.
Who could he ask though? Claire would laugh at his face,Horace would space out probably a week-and that could ruin their performance,Olive though,
Olive would understand.
He raised his head and stared at the ceiling above,gliding left and right with his office chair. That night,he proved to himself how utterly beautiful Olive can be. Yes,a bit creepy,he thought about it as well,but his eyes were attentive and glued to her peaceful face. She has such warm face and an even more comfortable eyes that when she's snoozing,every curve and color seemed alive. Some freckles which he hadn't seen before,adorned to the center of her nose's bridge;sun kissed reminders when the sun would often kiss the sky. He snorted rather suddenly,remembering the small light mole on the side of her upper lip. He then understood why she's sociable.
After leaving her in her bed,he stayed up later than usual,her scent traveling around,he had almost fooled himself that she was there. He might actually know her anywhere. In a crowd full of people,he will still see her.
Therefore,really,he's glad she could be happy. Especially now that they grew closer. She knows how to handle him and he's quite an impossible being to be with every single day,yet she managed.
He is happy
for her
He stood up abruptly,his chair gliding behind him because of the force applied by his push. His eyes glanced at his watch,reading the time,then to the two. Claire and Horace looked pleased,though tried their bests with covering it by gluing their heads to their work.
"I'll just take these home" His hands busied themselves with packing. Hopefully,if he'd hurry up,he'll make it just in time.
The dining room was buzzing with soft murmurs and clunking of utensils. Enoch tilted and observed first,seeing a familiar man next to Olive. He sported a smirk in knowing how his presence was anticipated according to the space upon his seat.
He laid down his bag to the coffee table and made himself known. Olive was midway through consuming her spoonful of mashed potatoes when she saw him. His chest gripped itself when her eyes twinkled and lips stretched to a greeting.
She looked so happy.
"Look who decided to show up" Ronaldo joked,his eyebrow raised and reading spectacles resting on the bridge of his nose.
"Because someone called me in the middle of my work"
Olive glanced,her expression curious and surprised. Apparently,she was not informed of their talk.
"What did you guys talked about?"
"It's a secret"
"I can let you tell me,Enoch. I know how" She explained,chuckling quietly as they both shared a knowing look and an implicated inside joke. He had this strange tickle on his knees that she accidentally gained knowledge about. The situation happened a few days ago,when she was midway to tripping but accidentally grabbed on to his thigh,at the top of his knee. He jerked rather suddenly,still ending her falling but was still satisfied with the information. She couldn't let it go.
"Your boyfriend wouldn't be too happy to hear how you'll do it,Olive" He wasn't much of an innuendo person,he leaves it to Olive with such humor,but the way that Zachary looked at him gave him the power to do so.
"Oh hush,let's leave it to the imagination shall we,Enoch?" He blushed by the dark eyes that looked at him. Olive couldn't be defeated at her own game.
Luckily,Zachary cleared his throat and raised his glass of water. His green eyes were subjected to him and he cannot help but to glare back. He's not a smiley person,so why on earth would he act as one in front of a guy he had no obligation to please.
"To leaving it as that" The man said,his glass still raised to the air.
He grimaced with the thought of trying to smile with the gesture. There was something about Zachary that made him more snobbish. From the way Olive portray him,he sounded alright for people like Olive. They are those people who love to socialize and get to know such huge population of friends. But he was too different from him,they were two juxtaposed individuals.
Fortunately for Zachary,he raised his glass and clicked it with his offer. Olive in the middle smiled timidly,nodding to nothing in particular. He cannot seem to get it.
"You're Zachary right?"
"Yes,I'm her cavalier. Her friend,supporter,partner. She's my muse. My inspiration,the cause of my burning passion"
Zachary leaned in and winked to the chuckling girl. She kept shaking her head,finding his statement humorous despite his advances.
"That's too cliche Zach,really"
"And yet we love star crossed lovers and love at first sight"
"That's just you"
"Yet you dreamt of portraying Juliet"
Enoch watched the exchange and ate grimly. He felt weird,probably not used to having Olive that,well,unresponsive to him. She also treat Zachary the same way they banter,only that,Zachary flirts with her so boldly,and she allowed herself to flirt back.
He scooped one large bite to his mashed potato and busied himself with cutting his roasted beef.
"Enoch- Enoch right? What do you do?"
"I organize wedding events for a living"
"So,you know a lot of things about love then?"
"I've seen a lot of things about love,does that count as an answer to your question,?" He sounded harsher than he thought he would be. In truth,he really was irritated. The man kept on flashing Olive his bright teeth,she could potentially be blinded by them. Also,the fact that he was irritated with such pointless thing made him even more foul,knowing how there might be some deeper explanation for his escalated rampant.
"I am sorry,you must've had a rough day,Mr. O'Connor"
"Meh,rough life probably"
Afterwards,fortunately or not,Zachary did not open another attempt of a conversation with him. He observed that Zachary was incredibly charismatic,he knew how to make people like him. Ronaldo for example,did not like him one bit until a few polite chit chats later,had already told stories about his experiences with patients during his observational and practical classes.
Beside him,Olive was at ease,her laughters ringing in his ears as Zachary and Ronaldo made her laugh. He continued eating his food,it was his house after all,he's not expected to pretend and listen. Afterwards,Olive's hand crept down to the table,her fingers tapping on the back of his wrist like piano keys. He glanced at her and her eyes were still fixated with whatever conversation she's in.
Such scenario stayed for ten minutes or two. He had no problem blending in with his seat,and Zachary had no problem trying not to look at him,or Olive's hand in general.
When what seemed like a nowhere ending,Olive's guest was about to leave. Mama Dust was the first to stand up,offering Zachary a welcoming hug and Ronaldo clapped his back.
"I hope the ice cream with whipped cream invitation is still open?" He slung his leather jacket in place. Olive stood on her spot and nodded easily. Enoch stared at the way she smiled for the man. "Yes,of course,Zachary" She tiptoed from her feet and planted her lips to Zachary's cheek,pressing one kiss that made him avert his gaze. He felt as if he was not allowed to see such act.
Behind him,Ronaldo clapped his back as well. He only frowned,for he was unsure of what to feel in that moment.
When the dining area's light was off and the whole staircase was dark,Enoch cooped himself to the living room. He did not turn any light but the radiation from the flat screen beamed color to the place.
He was currently watching a film adaption of Romeo and Juliet. For some reason,he felt the need to do so. He accidentally slept that afternoon on his desk,that's why he still felt awake and running,and honestly,what are some better ways to kill time than watch movies?
"Enoch?"
Her voice,something so familiar and intimate.
He turned around and saw her blanket wrapped self and bunny slippers coming to him. With no further questions,he scooted to the sofa,not registering the existence of the love seats that were glaring at them.
She laid on top of the cushion,her head next to his thighs. A crown of her mane spread around her and some cascade down the sofa. She glanced at the screen,smiled,and then looked at him. Her eyes were bright amidst the color from the film.
"Why are you still awake?"
"You don't want me to see you sob do you?" She retorted,her index poking his nose.
"More like I'm afraid I couldn't sleep because of your loud snores"
"I do not snore"
"I'd probably drown from your flood of saliva"
"Well,I couldn't deny that"
She rolled her eyes and chuckled just as he smirked in victory. He laid his head back to the sofa's rest,his arm tightening its hold to the pillow he'd been clutching.
"Zachary and I,we're not there yet"
"And you're telling me that because?"
He stayed watching,choosing to ignore the stare she's been giving. The blueness of the room colored her to a dream like state. He wanted to touch her then,he almost held her cheek.
"I just thought you should know"
For the rest of the movie,they both stayed silent. Enoch kept on glancing at her to make sure she's still awake or not. She stayed wrapped in her blanket and hugged her knees to her chest,her eyes concentrated to the scenes in the screen.
He sighed heavily and closed his eyes,inhaling some air and finding out that he could distinguish her scent.
"What is love,really?" He asked.
"Unexpected for us"
Thank you so much for reading! Please do leave a review,it helps alot x

I apologize in advance for the grammatical errors,I am just really ecstatic to finally update! It's been a while:)
Please do leave a reviewChapter 9:Opposite Sides:Blurry
Olive sat leaning on her bedpost,her fingers tapping the space of her laptop as she waits for Bronwyn to answer. She was in a fidgety state,mentally scolding herself for giving away an unconscious thought even when she hasn't come to terms with it. He asked her such an honest question,she naturally answered with what she knew of it.
Surely he wouldn't think further of it,would he?
But she does. She knew she meant something from it. The climax of the film rode with the tension in her gut. Realization swept her in its arms with dark rims and absence of abs,it looked at her with such deep hue,she drowned. Her heart nearly pulled all of her ribs just to hide. She cannot face it,how can she?
She planted her elbow to the surface and leaned on it. Her head felt heavy due to the impact of her confession. Such answer hit her hard that her skin shivered with the thought that he was just a floor away. She wrapped herself with her arms in an effort to feel warmth. She doesn't have the willpower to get her blanket from the scene downstairs knowing what lies next to it.
Olive Elephanta knew what lies behind the fifth and sixth ribs of her body,and it wasn't supposed to react to a certain Enoch O'Connor. She was no scientific minded person,but she knows for a fact that hearts do not beat for a person.
But perhaps he stimulates her dopamine. Despite her current withdrawal episode,she cannot deny and will no longer act oblivious,to the knowledge that she rather likes it when she could lift the ends of his lips and make his throat vibrate with laughter. She,for the safest conclusion to say,admires him. She proved to herself how right she was when she predicted he'll develop a pivotal role.
The screen popped Bronwyn's tab and the woman greeted her with droopy eyes and a tired smile. It was already way pass Wyn's bed time,yet she rarely complains on anything.
Olive however,was dazed,preoccupied with the thoughts that run in her head. On her face was a small stretch of a smile,unnoticed and candid. Bronwyn softened then,waking up from her state and saw how Enoch O'Connor once again,made an appearance in the story.
To yet another person she deeply cares about.
"You certainly are happy,Miss Magpie" She voiced out,exhaling with a sigh and a comforting smile. Despite the sharpness of her features,she has the softest regards for people.
"I am and not at the same time,it's weird" the girl,whom she witnessed growing up,still looked at her with the same glint she had seventeen years ago. "What is the matter,Olive?" Olive albeit being twenty five,was still her little magpie. She was still that little brown eyed feisty child who clung to her whenever she was too tired to pretend she's made of steel.
And now,even after witnessing Olive in such years when she dated douches,she was taken aback that her little one is experiencing such turmoil. It was like the first day nature knocked on the magpie's life and pronounced her adolescent. It can also be compared to the very first heart break when she locked herself in her room and danced until her feet went swollen as with her eyes. Her little Magpie looked so much like her younger self,and not,at the same time.
Olive scrunched her face with her hands,groaning behind the shield.
"I usually catch myself thinking of him,Bronwyn,it's driving me mad,am I turning mad?"
"I think you know what that is,little one"
Bronwyn glanced at Sam upon their bed,sleeping soundly with one arm sprawled to her side of the space. She smiled the same one Olive did when she,most probably,thought of Enoch.
She removed her gaze to the sight and brought back her attention to the girl in the screen.
"I need you to tell it straight to my face" the said girl commanded.
"You are interested in him"
"Erm,Bronwyn,I was thinking along the lines:'You just need some sleep Olive' or 'that's just your boy crazy brain talking'" She found herself chuckling despite the silence that succumbed with the night.
"I apologize for chuckling. What could be wrong with what you feel?"
Olive pouted,frowned,as her eyes looked down to the designs glued on the board.
"Because we're friends"
"Is not that the foundation of a better relationship?"
"And he's not like them,Wyn"
"Exactly"
"Exactly. That's why he couldn't think of me like that"
For once,when love knocked at the door yet again,the hopeless romantic was afraid. Bronwyn saw the wildness and the hesitance in the younger woman's eyes. And yes,the said girl was afraid. Afraid that the growing strength of her feelings would soon engulf her too tightly,she'd be knocked out of her shoes and nobody would be there to catch her.
Of all people,Enoch O' Connor would be the first she'd say as someone who would never look her way.
"But Zach does" She said as a whisper,though Bronwyn must've heard her. "Is it that mister you've mentioned before?" The woman infront of the screen leaned in closer,her brows shot straight to her forehead in anticipation.
Olive shrugged Enoch off,smiled,and reveled on the chivalry of her gorgeous friend.
It was during the first thirty minutes of his second film did he notice the white fluffy blanket upon the unoccupied space of the sofa. He looked at it for a brief moment,having quite a debate with himself as to leave it be or not. Surely,Mama Dust would retrieve it to her quarters,surely,she would notice it sooner and come back for it.
Yet,he found himself clutching the blanket,carrying it with two good arms. His feet drag him out of his bottom and up the staircase,straight to the hallway. It was like the usual route,for when he's to sleep,returning to his own room. But this time,he walked pass the door,which almost gouged him with its glare.
There was a slight gap between the frame. Soft light passing through,contrasting to the timid lit the skies behind the thick raging windows possess. Her room was a new world,he barely even remember what it looked like before she existed in it. She looked so out of place yet so fitting,it was a lot to take in.
"He asked me if I could give him a chance"
He stopped to his track,gliding flat to the wall. Her voice was soft yet vivid to his hearing,passing to his auditor canals swiftly as well as his comprehension.
Surely she's talking about that Zachary,he thought.
"Yes of course,you should see how he looks like. The genes are too strong,he's the epitome of boy band,could also pass as a hot doctor,gorgeous"
He rolled his eyes,barely seeing the gorgeousness she practically almost salivated to. Sure he has such remarkable teeth,but his smile was too commercial,it almost looked fake.
"Maybe"
He tilted his head further,trying to hear whatever it was the one she's talking to says.
"I mean,it will not be hard to love him back. He sees me"
"After all,what's not to love? I got lucky"
There's something about that Zachary which he's annoyed about. Sure he's not allowed to comment at all,who is he to meddle in? Olive can go marry the guy for all he cares.
Really.
He pushed himself from his hiding spot and went straight ahead. It was done due to something that nuzzled in his abdomen,the annoyance of knowing that he's in fact,while happy that Olive is bring treated right,is extremely bothered by how it bothers him.
His knuckles met her door and immediately,her shadow moved. There was a weird,comfortable aura that generates from her,effecting and knocking him speechless for a split second. "Come in" She stood next the bed with her eyes larger than they were,the life inside her room glaring at him amidst the dark hues of his clothes.
"Hey you" She placed the laptop diagonally. Enoch glanced at the screen and was taken aback with seeing a familiar face he didn't want to see just yet.
"Good Evening,Enoch" Bronwyn greeted,her face,a palette filled with different hues of worry and gladness.
He cleared his throat and nodded distractedly for a reply.
"You left this downstairs," he made sure his eyes were glued to Olive.
"Oh wow you came all the way from downstairs just to give this to me? Thanks Enoch"
Her face scrunched up to the smile that he usually sees her doing when he does something that pleases her. It was that silly,toothy grin that made his lips raise slightly. He cannot find any difficulty getting distracted when he needed one and Olive is around. She's a one woman show,and she never fails to deliver.
"Don't get your hopes up,Elephanta" he said,and her hands touched the surface of his wrist. Just one innocent move yet he mentally forgot about that Zachary.
We're not there yet.
Yet.
Yet.
Yet?
"Well,good night" He backed off sharply,leaving her stumbling to her feet. Bronwyn in the screen looked at him with surprise,yet he was already outside Olive's room to even comprehend her look. He did not see the shock,questioning,and slightly hurt expression written on Olive's face.
He felt smiling and that was odd and frightening. His heart cannot stop pounding in rhythms.
He liked it.
Behind the door,Olive's brows crunched and her lips thinned. He moved against her as if she was fire that burned him. His face,spiteful,disbelieved.
She sat upon her side,defeated. Bronwyn stared,pity written in her eyes.
"Are you alright,magpie?"
"He doesn't think of me like that"
Her heart ached. Something in the middle of her tummy had tied in knots in a defeating way.
It hurt.
"He seemed more likely afraid than disgusted,Olive"
She shook her head once and deliberately did it in a hurried motion.
"I'd sleep this one out"
The night outside her window was too quiet,embracing her to a comfort she knew was of pity. She let the gesture loll her to sleep,for what else could she do? She's way too tired to fight back. All the questions she pretended not to hear back lashed,forcing her to know the answers. Her lone tear was not just about cleansing her eye. It was something much more deeper.
Her footsteps were soft and tired. He did not know how he suddenly mastered distinguishing the little details of her,yet he knew immediately that she has her lips pushed slightly out,pouting in a sense that you'd further your conclusion of her mood.
"Morning" he greeted,puzzled,fazed that she just slumped in her chair without her usual mirth. She was prepared for the day,hair held tightly in a bun and face fresh despite staying up late at night.
"Morning" She mumbled back a greeting,eyes down-casted,focused,hiding.
He frowned,confused,recalling whatever it is that he made wrong. It was a first. But he doesn't have any other friends to compare her with though. Emotions are not his forte,it'll take a whole day if he'd analyze every step he took.
"What is it,Olive?" His voice sounded irritated,yet was more flustered.
Her placid face scrunched,frowning at his question,as if disbelieved he put it so bluntly. She met his eyes,returning to the reality that he does not have the knack for feelings,then had her face all serious and pretty.
"I'm hurt,Enoch" She replied,stared at him for a split second,and went back to the world she just had constructed;one without him existing.
He blinked back,still with the frown he usually have. It was all new to him,to have someone professing that he hurt their feelings with such innocent emotions. People who hate him,that he could manage,flawlessly. But friends? Her? How on earth would he apologize? In fact,didn't she already made it clear that she'd understand him?
Despite the thick tension,he heard her chuckle. Looking at her,the source was definitely,not him. The back of her neck was straight and bare,few tendrils of hair falling to her bowed head. Her eyes were sparkling,not from her pupils,but the reflection of her phone.
He inched close,brows shooting up to his forehead. Apparently,her delight came from the pretty boy named Zachary.
There were smileys and all that flirty,annoying stuff that he cannot help but to dislike.
"What is it?" Even when he was almost leaning onto her,she still managed to distance herself. She was stiff in her spot but her face was puzzled and slightly annoyed.
"What did I do wrong?" Perhaps it was the way her eyes seemed to still have such warmth in it. Possibly,it was the way her strands fall clumsily and how he felt weird not seeing her smile. But whatever it was,he automatically asked.
She took a deep breath,utensils silenced upon their plates. The room was still,almost staring at them,anticipating for either one's move. Her eyes met his' and she almost swore she'd blurt what she felt. He stared,waiting,wanting to know. His heart,such rhythmic organ was beating in his ears,the silence of the room waiting for the moment.
They both thought the ribs would open and they'd crack.
Her hand buzzed and the screen went alit once again.
"I have to go." She stood abruptly,pushing her seat by the back of her legs. The spell was cut off,everything was breathing noisily. His heart was caged in his system.
"Go on,Olive,tell me." He took the last three digits of her hand. Fragile and faint movement,yet her eyes faltered to the same eyes she had that night.
"Enoch,Zach's already-"
"Fine then,go,for all I care"
Her hand was hot and it almost burned his. His face changed,though in the spur of a moment,he did not know what it looked. Her face was bewildered though,more so close to tearing. Her eyes which were fogged,turned misty. She was fighting back the tears.
He strode off,not looking back at her. His system though,his system could not be fooled. His skin was highly active,sensing her presence.
Yet,she only cleared the tears from her eyes harshly,blowed off the strands of her bangs,then left.
He sat on his bed,leaning against his bedpost. By a minute or two,Mama Dust would knock in his room and force him to finish his breakfast or worse,and highly possible,force him to apologize or lend Olive her fair share of forgotten food and reinforcement.
And yes,he was right. He did not even got the chance to close his eyes when the woman opened his door wider. She was looking at him attentively,her lips sporting a knowing,sheepish smile.
"It's not my fault" It was childish but he still insisted.
Mama Dust sat on the edge of his bed,her hand patting his head as though pronouncing him silly.
"In my defense,I asked her why but she's just stubborn. Not my problem"
"I already did my part"
"She already has that pretty boy,why can't we just let her be?"
His eyes hardened and he moved his gaze away in shame. He found how scarily true his pent up emotions were. Mama Dust listened patiently as he rumbled. It was as if she already knew something all along and was waiting for him to figure it out.
He was happy for them wasn't he? Yet,why does he despise the man?
"What? What is it with you as well Mama Dust? I simply cannot understand you people"
"We both know,Enoch darling,you can't and she doesn't want you to"
She sat next to Zach in the workshop. As partners,they began planning for their upcoming project. The room was empty except for their presence,it almost made her glad except for the fact that her head was as full as how her surroundings were vacant.
"Are you alright?" Zachary nudged her. He looked extremely dreamy with pen upon his auricle and hair slightly messy. And so she smiled,leaning her heavy head to his shoulder,trying to decipher if she feels something for him or not.
"Talk"
"What?"
"Please"
He cleared his throat and began his strings of words. She closed her eyes,feeling the rise and fall of his voice. He started with the most beautiful food he'd ever eaten,then with his most embarrassing moment. Despite the ache in her chest,she found herself laughing. In her head,Enoch was looking at her. In her head,she knows how to ignore him,how to love somebody without thinking about him.
"Olive?"
"Yeah?"
His hand crept on her and her eyes opened. He smiled,his toothy grin that was too genuine. "You're beautiful,yeah?"
"Zach-"
"It doesn't matter if you'd return my feelings or not. I just want you to be happy,Olive"
She mouthed a thank you,giggling with how romantic he is. Enoch be damned as of that moment. Maybe she was not trying hard enough,maybe if she'd concentrate to her cavalier,she'd love the person who wanted her.
"I hope I will,Zach. Help me"
He leaned in,cupping her in his palms. She closed her eyes and sighed,gripping his hands in hers as his lips touch her forehead.
She already has that pretty boy,why can't we just let her be?
His eyes narrowed,looking at the lovers behind the transparent glass doors.
We both know,Enoch darling,you can't and she doesn't want you to
He gripped the knob tightly,pushing the door right before he could think of anything to say to her. Plans be damned,he couldn't watch such intimacy,his chest and stubbornness couldn't bare it so.
