Well,hello there. I'm Ethel,Ethel Alessandra. Have you ever wondered if your life could get any better,when it is already as bad as it is. You see,I live with my Step-Parents and Step-Brother. It is horrible there. My Step Parents hate me with all their heart and soul,sometimes I wonder how I even ended up with them.
Here is how my routine went:
My step-father pounded on the door loudly and clearly,angrily. "Get up,you freak!" He shouted at the top of his lungs. Getting up,I groaned and got ready as quick as I could,hoping not to get any concequence from my Step-Dad. I quickly scrambled downstairs to make breakfast for the whole family. My step-parents treated me like a maid,no even worse- a slave. Once I had finished cooking and waited for them to eat,my step dad punched me in the face,causing me to fall on the floor. He laughed evilly,as if it was some sort of silly skit. Picking myself up,"I hate you…" I muttered quietly to myself.
"WHAT DID YOU SAY YOUNG LADY?" My step-mom screeched at the top of her lungs.
"N-Nothing…" I quickly replied,not wanting anymore punishment.
As quick as lightning,my step-mom dragged me by my collar and dragged me to the cellar. She there whipped me a hundred times,I was left there naked with cane marks.
Later On,both my parents would leave the house and I would be alone with my Step-Brother. Once they had left,my step-brother rushed to the cellar to free me. His name was David Miller,he was a nice and kind boy,unlike his parents. He was 12 years old,whereas I was 15. I quickly thanked him and put on my clothes,however suddenly I felt something strange going through in my body. I was emotionally unstable now,tears were streaming down my puffed up cheek. Suddenly the weather changed from being a sunny day to being a rainy,sad and gloomy day.
I quickly looked up and wiped my tears away. How did this happen? Was it my doing? There was only one way to find out. I tried to think of happy thoughts,Ice Cream and waffles,Pink Unicorns jumping over the rainbow. Immediately,the sky changed from being rainy and gloomy to being sunny and warm. This really was my doing. I could not tell anyone about this,especially my step-parents. They would use me.
So,I decided that I needed to flee. I took my favorite stringed bag and started to pack my things that I would need and want to take along,I am never ever coming back. I packed my clothes,photos of my family,a few books and my camera. After that,I waved and said my farewells to my brother. He knew I couldn't stay here,he felt for me and I told him that I would never forget him. I promised to come back to see him one day in the future.
I had no idea in mind where I was to go,but the marks on my back were hurting me so much that I was losing my breath. The weather was indeed changing according to my mood,suddenly a dark blue Peregrine was watching me from a tree branch above. Finally,I couldn't take it,I collapsed on the road. The last thing I remember seeing was the dark blue Peregrine transforming into a woman. After that,everything blacked out.

Recap:
The last thing I remembered was the dark blue Peregrine turning into a tall figured woman,after that I blacked out. 
When I had awoke,I was definitely not in Florida. How on earth did I get to this strange foreign looking place? My stringed bag was still on my back,as I could still feel it. Slowly,I picked myself up and I looked around,gazing and scanning the room. There were many eyes laid upon me,the lady whom turned into a bird earlier was there;she must have been the one to save me after I blacked out.
"She's awake!" A young girl with curly golden locks exclaimed,who did not look more than 6 years old.
I rubbed my eyes and fluttered my eyes open,seeing that there were children around me,keeping there attention on me. My body still ached from the daily beatings I was given for no reason.
"H-Hi?" I finally stuttered out.
"Hello my dear. I'm Miss Peregrine,delighted to meet you-" The Dark haired woman smiled.
"Y-You... You turned into a bird b-before I blacked out!" I exclaimed,still shocked.
"Why yes," She smiled,chuckling.
"Well you see,everyone here,are known as" She paused.
"Peculiar. " She continued.
Peculiar. Yeah,like freaks like me. Everyone in my family,well except my brother hated me with all their life.
"Our abilities don't fit in the outside world,so we live in places like this," She explained.
Wait. They all have special abilities too? So maybe they had similar experiences with me too!
"You mean in Wales? " I asked,since I realized this place was Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children,the place my mom used to tell me about long ago before she was killed.
"Why,anywhere really. "She paused again.
"You see I'm the type of peculiar that they call,an Ymbryne-"
"Well yeah,you can turn into a bird. " I pointed out.
"Why yes I do-" She smiles.
"But the Ymbryne's main skill is the manipulation of time," She explained.
"We create a loop-"
"A loop? " I questioned,I was confused.
"Why a loop,a loop preserves the last 24 hours. We choose the right time,the right day and then the day is yours to live in forever,where we are safe from the outside world," She told me.
"Were you the one who saved me?" I asked,turning my head and attention towards her,curious about what exactly happened after I blacked out.
"Yes. You were almost going to be devoured by the ghostly hollows," She told me.
"Almost devoured by what?" I stared at her blankly,clearly confused of what she had just said.
"Hollows. Also known as the hollowgasts. For years,they hunt peculiars for their abilities," Miss Peregrine explained.
"Oh..." Was my only reply that came out from my mouth. My mother had told me about these monsters. I believe it was these monsters that killed her. Her eyes were missing when I found her dead,perharps I should approach Miss Peregrine about this matter.
"What's the matter,Ethel?" Miss Peregrine asks me,clearly sensing that something was not right as I had blanked out.
"Well...These 'Hollows" you talk about,do they eat the eyes of Peculiars once they capture them? " I ask shyly and timidly.
"Yes they do,why?" She asked me curiously and cautiously.
I gave a heavy sigh. I guess I would have to open up to someone some day. I might as well tell them what had happened as I would be staying here from now on,so I should learn to get comfortable with them.
"My mother eyes were missing when I found her dead..."I whispered out softly,but loud enough for everyone in the room to hear. Never has a day passed by that I don't miss or think about her.
"I'm so sorry about that,Ethel..." Miss Peregrine sympathatically gave me her condolences.
"What was her name?" The girl with golden curly locks asked,looking at me with curious eyes,her chocolate brown eyes locking with mine.
I couldn't help it. I had to please her.
"Her name was Veronica Cassidy. " I finally admitted. I hadn't said that name for nearly 3 years. I was 12 when she died.
"Was she a peculiar too?" A girl who looked similar to the previous girl's age asked. She had hazel brown hair which were neatly braided into two plaits.
"I'm not sure." I simply answered. It was the truth,I didn't know. Maybe I would soon.
"Why not you get to know the children here,Ethel?" Miss Peregrine suggested after a long silence.
"Why,that would be wonderful," I smiled gratefully,it would be nice to actually know their names and not referring them to the girl or the boy.
"This is Claire," Miss Peregrine spoke,referring to the young girl with curly golden locks. I wonder what her peculiarity was.
"I'm Fiona," The girl with hazel brown hair which were braided into two neat plaits introduced.
"What's your peculiarity? " I asked curiously,looking towards the girl.
"You'll see quite soon,don't worry Ethel," She assured me while giggling like the little girl she was.
"I'm Hugh. " The young boy next to her smiled.
"I have bees living within me,I control them," He explained his peculiarity.
I stared in awe at him. Wouldn't it be so cool if you could have bees living within you,so if you were in danger or angry at someone,you could defend yourself.
"Hello. I'm Bronwyn! " A girl around 9-10 with curly brown hair smiled and greeted.
"My Peculiarity is Strength." she told me,proudly. She demonstrated by lifting the couch with her right hand. I was in amazed,I've never seen or met anyone so strong before.
"Hello. " a voice spoke. Immediately,I jumped out of my seat in shock.
"W-who said that? " I asked,stuttering out and still recovering from my shock.
The voice laughed and chuckled softly.
"I'm Millard and my peculiarity as you can see is invisibility."
"Oh... " Was my reply. I was stunned,being invisible would be so cool! You can like scare the heck out of people.
"Wait... Are you naked? " I asked curiously. Where was his clothes?
"Millard. Go put some clothes on!" Miss Peregrine told him.
"Oh alright. " He groaned as he walked out.
Next,a boy with blonde hair nicely gel-ed up and dressed in a smart suit and tie attire smiled. He looked around my age.
"Hello,the name's Horace and it's a pleasure to meet you. Nice dress by the way. " He held out his hand to shake mine.
Next,a blonde haired girl with sky blue eyes smiled. On her feet were heavy shoes that were supposedly made of lead. They looked heavy. She looked around 16-18.
"Hi,I'm Emma. And well my peculiarity is Air and I'm um... Lighter than air,reason being for wearing these lead shoes." She explained,probably because I was staring at her feet,oops.
Wow. Lighter than air? That's so well... Peculiar!
Next,a fiery red haired girl with long black gloves on her arms smiled.
"Hello. My name is Olive and I control fire. " She demonstrated,taking off her gloves and started a small spark with her bare hands.
A boy around 16-18 with jet black hair spoke. He looked grumpy and sad.
"Hi. I'm Enoch and I can bring anything to life for a short period of time. " He smiled. Oh my gosh,did he actually smile at me? I think I might be blushing now. Oops.
Lastly,twins who wore cloth over them waved at me.
"That's the twins. " Miss Peregrine explained.
I nodded in response.
I couldn't contain my excitement for a new beginning without my horrible step parents.
A/N
Well,I hoped you liked it! Don't forget to leave down reviews.
