I recently (read:a few hours ago) watched the movie,and it sprouted a plot bunny in my head that isn't going away anytime soon. Hence this thread. Since this thread will contain a bit of actual history,I'm not sure if it belongs in ASB,but I'm not about to put it there to get more views.
This is an attempt to integrate the Peculiar world- as articulated by Ransom Riggs and later adapted by Tim Burton- into coherent,relevant 20th century history.
Chapter 1
On the 15th of June,1861,I was born with the name Konrad Scheu,in a small village in Prussian Silesia. My father was a teacher,and my mother was a minor noblewoman. So I grew up,happy,healthy,and reasonably well-off,never travelling much further than a few miles away from home. My father,with funding from Berlin,set up a school in our little town,and it was to this school that I went,for the next ten years or so. My mother was determined that I gain a good education,and so to Ratibor I went in the late 1870s.
The sole problem with my behaviour over this entire period,of course,was that things tended to go wrong when I was angry. The foundries nearby would malfunction;carts would come undone from horses;utensils would go mad and attempt to skewer their owners. But the incidents decreased as I grew older,of course,and as I learnt to control myself. This was achieved through the assistance of a kind old woman living in the woods nearby;I went to her old and crumbling house on the weekends,and she introduced me to her charges. And there I would stay,at least until my mother came by to pull me back. It was said that my mother,too,could make coins jangle in her pocket without touching them;but no more on that.
That was,in retrospect,my first entry into the world of the Peculiar- or,as the old lady,Herrin Adler,called themselves,Unheimlich. And though,when I went to Ratibor,I would not forget them,I would not revisit the little village either;not,at least,until the turn of the twentieth century.
So. I went to Ratibor. There,I listened to the speeches of Otto von Bismarck- the Iron Chancellor,the founder of this great German Empire that we were then living in. I was then studying metallurgy- it had seemed apt- and as I became aware of his existence,a particular phrase of his stuck with me:"Not by speeches and majority decisions shall the great questions of the day be decided- but by iron and blood."
If he wanted iron,then I would give him iron,I thought to myself,and so I went to Berlin in August 1878. Over my time at university it had become custom for me to show off my unheimlich attributes,and so I did so. In this way I became a bit of an entertainer,a showman,and at the same time I made a fair bit of excess money on the side. Enough to make me consider dropping my studies and moving to the capital to live as an entertainer.
That was a mistake.
So,I went to Berlin,and I performed. I rose quickly- yes I did- and soon,I was performing before the Kaiser himself,and the Kings of Bavaria and Saxony. The Iron Chancellor visited me in my lavishly decorated new home on the outskirts of the city,and requested my assistance in a project. He led me to a foundry- and there,before his eyes,I manufactured,within ten minutes,twenty thousand rifles,before collapsing in a puddle of sweat and blood.
This was another mistake.
I awoke bound with leather cuffs. "Make more," the Iron Chancellor ordered,jabbing his finger at a veritable pile of metal pieces,a revolver pressed to my temple,and so I did.
Such is the fate of the Peculiar.
There- in the utmost squalor,beneath the rat-tunnels of Berlin- I lived for many months,before I finally escaped on a ship bound for America. It was in America,just a week shy of my twentieth birthday,that I met Amadeus Barron.
Barron was a visionary,and twice my age;yet we became fast friends quickly,in spite of his being a Negro. But it would not be remiss to provide a brief history of Barron himself.
Barron was born before the Civil War,to a family in Arkansas,themselves under the tyrannical rule of one of the largest slave-owners in that state. His life was fairly unremarkable until some point in the middle of the 1850s- he would not say- when he finally escaped,bearing the face of his master's daughter,and found solace with a ymbryne in Pennsylvania. In 1859,bearing the face of another man- whom,it was whispered,he had killed- he began to study at a university for a degree in Medicine,under an assumed name. It was therefore as Dr Amadeus Barron that he returned to the Pennsylvanian Loop;what his name had been before that,no one would say.
Barron ruled the Loop with an iron hand,alongside the fast-fading ymbryne herself. He attracted progress-minded Peculiars from across the land,and the Pennsylvania Loop became one of the most cosmopolitan and exciting Peculiar communities in the world. Barron made great strides towards connecting Peculiars worldwide;he established a standard for the Peculiar Almanac;laid the first telegraph lines especially for Peculiars;and founded a dozen new communities on the East Coast. When the ymbryne died,Barron was powerful enough in the region that no Loops were needed to ensure privacy. Or so he claimed- it is more likely that he paid bribes to the local law enforcement,and followed these up with a few overt,successful attempts at intimidation.
I suspect,too,that we were not as fast friends as I had been led to believe. Barron was possessed of a prickly mixture of narcissism and self-pity;his resumption of Negro appearance following his graduation from the university was followed quickly by his proclamation that he would never take the form of a white man again. In retrospect,it seemed not unlikely that he would cling to his identity as a Peculiar to assert his dominance and superiority over not just the white man,but all of non-Peculiar humanity- and seek to rule over even Peculiars as well. But that was all in the future.
In 1889,Barron concluded that immortality was in sight.
He told us,his closest acolytes,a tight,fervent core of barely twenty or so true believers- that the necessary requirements for his experiment would go against many of the established conventions in Peculiardom. Yet we- fools that we were- agreed,nodding our heads blindly,led along by Barron,whom we believed could do no wrong. "After all," we argued,"it is only through risks that progress has been secured."
We went to England to print a new issue of the Peculiar Almanac in 1891,and it was there that I met Alma Peregrine.
She looked barely a day older than twenty;a poised,precise young woman,still wary and suspicious of the world. I met her while she was creating small practice Loops;though Barron held contempt for ymbrynes (neatly sidestepping the memory of the woman whom he had supplanted years ago,and who had brought him up for nearly five years),I respected their abilities- and indeed still do,though many might disagree.
"My name is Konrad," I told her,as she turned her piercing,determined gaze to me,"and I am from Austria."
"You're late," she told me. "You came five minutes earlier the last time around."
I like to think that we could have become something,had I stayed;but we simply had our photo taken,filed under "Peculiar Scientists",and headed back to Pennsylvania to continue our research.
In 1893,things started to move quickly. Barron's mortality was catching up to him;his hair was now almost completely white,and those among our number who were none too young were urging him to give the go-ahead. He feigned some measure of morality for a while,hemming and hawing while the rest of us- myself included- thirsted openly for immortality in private conversation.
Then on 12 June 1893 he returned to his mansion- to us- with a cage containing a single ymbryne.
"She was going to die anyway," he told us. "She wanted this."
Perhaps the unnamed ymbryne truly wanted this- her life spent in service to something greater than her. Either way,it was not I who had shut the cage;not I who had lured her into the flesh of a bird;and I thus reasoned that the blame fell solely on Barron's shoulders.
We sat down on our chairs;we placed the helmets upon our heads;and Barron flipped the switch that would damn us for all eternity.

Chapter 2
Pain.
The next few years- from 1893 to some ungodly,moonless night near the turn of the century- were characterized by agony. Seering,burning agony- not just of the body but of the mind,the soul. No longer were we [I]unheimlich[/I]- such characteristics had been burnt away by that ritual performed in Barron's basement.
I had been a fervent Protestant since my birth,though my faith had wavered after my flight from Berlin,and then flickered out altogether after I arrived in the company of Barron,who shunned God and turned his nose up when passing churches. But the utter hell that plagued every conscious moment of the next few years made some part of my mind,detached from the pain that convulsed other parts of my body,understand- this is what Hell feels like. It was as though Heaven had been the state of being Peculiar,and Hell was the state of becoming that which was abhorrent to Peculiars,anathema to them and theirs.
I remember stumbling outside- the alien sense of flesh within and without that did not belong to me,that had never been mine- and collapsing on the dewy grass. I opened my mouth and drank in the rain,shuddering at the whip-like tongues erupting from my maw,and tried to touch my mouth. Instead I felt some knoblike protrusion touch my chin.
So this was my hand now. This was who I was now. I remember howling at the sky for hours on end- the first horrid,nightmarish hours of our collective existence- as the Peculiars of Barron's Pennsylvania broke down the door to his mansion and discovered the shreds of our clothing and the broken body of the ymbryne. I remember reaching for the comforting embrace of cool iron,or warm copper,or harsh steel- and found nothing.
Barron was the first to regain control of his limbs. He was a shapeshifter- it was expected. For him,intelligible speech comprised of slinging his new limbs into our eyeless,earless skulls,and clobbering us to the ground,until we were a whimpering,whining mess before him. Then- and only then- when the moon had begun to sink past the trees and we had slunk into the forest to avoid the crowds of Peculiars ranging far and wide,bearing gas lamps and revolvers,did he manage to form the first stirrings of coherent thought.
"Hunger? Thirst?" he rasped. Most likely,to an ordinary person it would have sounded like guttural roars,but we heard intelligible words,if muffled and phgelmy. Though it was unknown how we were capable of hearing at the time,if our ears were gone- but the mysteries of Peculiar biology are mysteries that I would rather not unravel ever again,thank you very much.
"No," came the unsteady reply,punctuated by the odd shriek of agony.
"Works," Barron replied unsteadily,his voice tinged with a sort of mad triumph. "Peculiar?"
"No," came the increasingly deranged reply,as people searched for their Peculiarities and found nothing.
"Needs fixing," Barron replied. "Come. Experiment."
There were about thirty of us- our ranks had been bolstered by criminal Peculiars,who had found us by way of Barron's search for ever-more competent and ever-less morally upright scientists,as well as dumb muscle for the procuring of experimental materials by force. All of us had been taken in by his promise of eternal life. By his promise of ultimate dominance over the rest of Peculiardom.
This question was one that I mulled over for the next five months as we ranged the country,rampaging blindly,searching for Peculiars. We butchered cattle,marine life,fauna,humans,killing indiscriminately. For all of Barron's occasional growls of "Experimentation",what we seemed to be doing was throwing blood at the wall to see what stuck. Though there was a particularly memorable incident when Clark tried downing a beaker of hydrochloric acid.
Eventually,though,over the course of many months,our wanderings became more focused,became more potent. Once one got over the hunger and the pain,some measure of discipline could be enforced. Though those of us that do not still appear human seem to lack discipline,know that it could be much,much worse.
Barron resorted to a more shamanic method:consuming that which we lacked. We ate fingers,toes,noses and ears- Archer tried a certain male organ in a moment of desperation- until something seemed to dull the pain. Eyeballs.
And so began the process of trial and error all over again,narrowing down the search,from fish to mammals to cattle to chimpanzees to humans… and,eventually,to Peculiars. All this while,I wondered what had come over me to support Barron. I told myself,when Barron returns us all to humanity's embrace,I shall leave and never come back. But I didn't know what I'd do if that truly happened. Would Barron's charisma once more seize me and hold me fast?
The first attempt at seizing a Loop did not go well. Though we all survived,a few stray children escaped,some missing an eye,and we degenerated into a feeding frenzy over the spoils. The lure of once more regaining control over oneself proved to overwhelm bonds of loyalty to Barron and mutual understandings between associates.
After that first disastrous raid,it would be a few more months until things would calm down again. Barron sent half of our number into Mexico,accompanying them to the border and then chasing them into the forest when they would not flee. Two years- maybe more- passed until we got our next Loop. In an act of supreme desperation and pragmatism,only Barron,myself,Clark and Archer entered the compound,being (objectively,of course) the most self-controlled members of the group.
There,we feasted. There were precious few eyeballs left for the rest,and they were surely angry,but by then we were no longer in a position to understand them. Barron crossed the border to Mexico to call back his lost flock,and in the meantime,Clark,Archer and myself led the remainder. We hunted down one Loop.
One Loop was enough for me to made my final decision. The Peculiar community in Atlanta expected to be beset by a horde of ravening,invisible creatures led by nothing more than idiot hunger. Instead,they faced Clark,Archer and myself. It was hardly fair.
And,as Schaufer emerged from invisibility,the last of the eyeballs disappearing down his throat,I left the celebratory group of white-eyed men clapping him on the back and slunk out the back door,still drenched in the blood of my kind.
From there I moved to the coast. I took a steamship from America- quite probably a rarity in those days,when immigration to the United States was booming- and docked at Hamburg. Then I returned to Silesia,by the by,feigning blindness and performing magic tricks to make a living on the side. Bismarck had died by this time- the man who had effectively enslaved me,consigned to the dustbin of history. It was an odd sort of victory,since I had risen above Bismarck long ago,but it was one that I cherished nonetheless.
One might have said that Barron had succeeded in obtaining immortality,because I did not age. Neither,it would not be presumptuous to say,did Barron,or Archer,or the rest of them,once they had shrunk back to a recognizably human form. Yet this gift was tainted by blood;by murder;and by corruption. As I journeyed back to Silesia,back to that tiny village in Glogau,it became very clear that I had committed many murders over the course of those tormented few years.
And,of course,it is easy to say that one is guilty. To beat at one's chest,and tear at one's hair. But what is the point of all that,when the dead cannot be brought back? When eyes cannot be restored to their owners? Nothing.
So I returned to the village of Silesia,appearing to be not a year over thirty-two,and Herrin Adler was gone. There were children in her cottage- children older than me. Children who had lived under the gaze of Frederick the Great,and children older than even that,who had known the caress of Habsburg rule,and the depredations of the Swedish in the Thirty Years' War. Gone;scattered to the four corners of the world. They had left a trap for me,concocted and wreathed in flesh;the antithesis of metal.
This was what I had become;hated,feared,reviled.
I did not,however,go back to Berlin;the memories of that time were still too raw. Instead,I reoccupied my parents' old mansion,already collapsing into disrepair. And there I remained.
