Jacob's POV
It has been three weeks since I decided to stay with miss Peregrine and her peculiar children. Miss Peregrine was nice enough to let me have my grandfather's old room. I moved the furniture around and added a few of my own personal decorations to it. Nothing extravagant,just a few drawings,pictures,and a vase of flowers on my desk. I was about to fall asleep when I heard a blood curdling scream. It startled me so much I immediately rushed out of bed and left my room,following the horrible sound. I found out it was coming from Emma's room and rushed inside. I rush over to her bed and see her thrashing around and whimpering.
"Please don't go" she cried still thrashing under her covers. She sounded so upset it almost broke my heart.
"Emma wake up it's only a dream" I whispered gently while lightly shaking her shoulders. She opens her eyes and as soon as she saw me she launched herself into my arms and started crying hysterically. I hug her to me whispering comforting words to her and telling her it's alright.
"Emma sweetheart what's wrong?" I asked her worriedly. She buries her face into my chest for a few minutes before answering.
"It was so horrible" she sobs. I kiss her forehead to encourage her to keep going.
"Y-you left. I begged you to stay and you were saying such horrible things. That you didn't need us and that you didn't love me. You said you didn't want anything to do with me and that I'm too boring and ugly for you to love me. Please don't go Jacob" she sobbed harder into my chest. I pull her tighter against my chest and place several kisses against her cheeks and forehead. I hold her face in my hand and look deeply into her eyes that are full of sadness and fear. I lean in and kiss away her tears before lightly pecking her on the lips.
"I'm not going anywhere Emma,you're stuck with me" I whisper into her ear. she sobs lightly and I kiss her forehead again.
"Listen to me and listen very very carefully,I loveyou Emma Bloom. I am never leaving you and you'll never lose me. You are the smartest and most gorgeous girl I have ever met and I love you so so much,I will never leave you behind" I tell her. A tear slides down her cheek and I wipe it away with my thumb and kiss her on the lips,loving the feeling of her warm lips on mine. Keeping her against my chest I fall back onto her bed so we're laying down with her partially on top of me. After a few minutes of cuddling and occasional kisses she falls asleep with her head on my chest and my arm around her waist. I hear a cough and look up at the door. Miss Peregrine is looking straight at us with a warm smile on her face. She mouths 'take care of her' before leaving the room and closing the door.
"Sweet dreams my little fireball" I whisper in my girl's ear before falling asleep.
