He lays there on his cold bed thinking about the tragic event that almost took place. How he almost lost his Olive. He had never realized how special she was to him,how much he needed her until he almost lost her. He never realized how much he valued that she always stayed with him no matter what,until she was almost taken from him. He remembers her skin being ice blue after being rescued from the cold water,and her lack of movement. He remembers that for a brief few seconds he'd thought she was dead. With all of these thoughts running through his head he suddenly becomes worried.
"What if she needs me right now?" he thinks to himself. As soon as that thought entered his mind he found himself jumping out of his bed and running out of his room. He doesn't stop running until he reaches her door. He quickly opens her door and rushes inside and when he sees that she's standing in front of a old book case looking startled about the sudden visit,he runs to her and crushes her in a tight embrace. He's never been one to give affection,but at this moment he doesn't care. He needs her to understand exactly what she means to him. That he's so grateful that she's always been there for him. She hugs him back and he can feel the heat dancing from her bare hands on his back. He shivers from the pleasure he feels from her using her peculiarity for him. When she looks at him silently wondering about why he was there,he knew he had to say it. He needed to tell her how he really felt about her.
"I'm sorry I never realized how much I love you" he whispers. Suddenly her lips crush his and he finds himself kissing her back just as eagerly. He pulls away slightly and begins gently kissing every inch of her face. Her cheeks,her lips,her forehead,she lets out a squeal when he boldly kisses her on the neck. He doesn't care if this makes him look weak. He loves her and he wants her to feel even better than what she's made him feel ever since he met her. She's his Olive,his friend,his love,his girl. she smiles at him and kisses him on the cheek before leading him to her bed. They lay there with his arm around her waist and her head on his chest. They quietly whisper to to each other for a few minutes before she falls asleep in his arms. His last thought before he falls asleep is 'I'm so glad I finally realized'.
