ASK THE PECULIAR S!
Hello everyone Thatchickendude here to let u all know about the ask the peculiar s. Basically ask anything you want from anyone in the books even if they are dead! Just keep it PG-13 that's all i'm asking! Anyhow ask away. BTW there might be some OCs.
To Everyone:HI! From that chicken dude.
Jacob:Why are you telling us hi?
TCD:It's for the first question,just to get it out their. Have to start somewhere right?
Jacob:Fair point.
Everyone:Hi.
Jacob:I still can't believe that I'm starting an ask blog with a chicken,a talking chicken!
TCD:Seriously? Out all the things you've been experimented to over the past few months,a talking chicken is the thing that surprises you the most?
Jacob:Yes?
TCD:Need I remind you that you can see,sense,and control invisible monster,interact with Peculiar souls,and killed one of these monster with nothing but a pair a sheep shears?
Jacob:...
TCD:As well as the fact that your girlfriend over their is the watered down gender bender version of the Human Torch.
Emma:Who is this Human torch? And what is gender bender,what does bending one's gender have to do with anything?
TCD:Boy Jake you've got a whole lot of explaining to do for these guys. Oh and let's not forget that you're acquainted with a talking dog! So a talking chicken should be no different.
Addison:I agree with the mentally low farmyard poultry.
TCD:ANd this is why I like Scooby-doo better.
Addison:Who is Scooby-doo?
TCD:Just ask Jake.
Jacob:Hey!
Olive:Well I thinks he's cute.
TCD:OH Olive stop it,you're gonna make me fill up with hot air.
Enoch:Too late for that.
Alma:ECHO!
Enoch:What!? It's the truth!
TCD:Well I guess if you pumped enough helium into me then I could float like a balloon.
Clarisse:*Excitedly Gasps*
TCD:WOW Clarisse I didn't know that you knew ventriloquism.
Clarisse:No I don't?
TCD:Then how did you gasp without moving your mou-oh right the whole second mouth thing.
Alma:Mr. Chicken.
TCD:(Nervous tone) UH,yes?
Alma:Please change my name from Alma to or Mrs.P.
TCD:RIGHT RIGHT,COMING RIGHT UP! MUST HAVE BEEN A TYPO!
Mrs.P:You do know I have no desire to eat you right.
TCD:Sure that what the last bird of prey said,and then I was at the mercy of her talons and empty stomach. SO. MUCH. REGURGITATING!
Millard:By the way. How can you type if you don't have any fingers?
TCD:I don't know Millard,how can you hold objects if I can't see you hands?(Sarcasm)
Millard:Good point.

Ask the Peculiar s
Hi everyone i'm back,not much to say really. I would like to extend my thanks to Ceil,thank you very very much for bring up the little glitch that happened with the first question. I honestly don't know what happened? But again thank you very much,if you didn't tell me I most definitely would not have noticed. Anyway on to the question!
To Miss. P:Has anyone every tried to flirt with you? 
From:Soup42222 and Food33333333333
Emma and Jacob:*Speechless*
Millard:*Invisible Spit take*
Olive:*Floats away*
Bronwyn:Wow….
Claire:*Covers both mouths to keep from laughing*
Addison:*take off goggles* Mother of Birds!
Horace:Does this count as inappropriate and non PG-13?
Hugh:*Jaw drop with bees pooling out of mouth*
Fiona:*She can't say anything but she's laughing hysterically in a pot of soil.*
Enoch:BWAAA HA HA HA HA HA! *GASP* HAHAHAHAHAHA!
TCD:AAAAAAAA! HAHAHAHAHAHA! HA HA HA HA-OH MY BIRDS! I can't breath!
Enoch:HA HA HA HA HA-I can't either!
Miss.P:I don't see what you two fine so entertaining.
Enoch:I just-HA HA HA-Its just-HA HA HA-I need a minute!
TCD:Why don't you answer the question while me and Enoch*Snort* compose ourselves-HA HA!
Miss.P:Well if you all must know,then the answer is yes. When I was a younger Ymbryne many a men,both peculiar and normal,had flirted with me. Alas I could not have a proper husband as my duties as a Ymbryne entailed me that I do not marry and create a loop to find and hide other peculiar s away from the growing threat of both the Hallows and the Wights,as such I could not.
Everyone:...
Emma:Miss. P…...
Random door slams open
TCD:*Inhale* Okay I think me and Encho have finally composed ourselves,right?
Enoch:Right. So what did the bird say?
Miss.P:I said yes,men have flirted with me before.
TCD and Enoch:BWA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA!
TCD:OK I CAN'T DO THIS! HA HA HA HA!
Enoch:*laughing too hard to say anything.*
Miss.P:I still don't see what is so funny.
TCD:It's just,you're more uptight than a French girdle!
Jacob:*Shudders*
Horace:What?
Jacob:I once saw my aunt in one of those things and I haven't been the same since!
TCD:And besides is it a requirement to be uptight in the Ymbryne job description? BWA HA!
But I can't totally blame you,I mean if I was immortal with a stupid amount of power and I never had a girlfriend,I would be pretty uptight myself.
Horace:*Trying not to laugh* Miss.*snort* Peregrine*snort* I'm so,BWA HA HA HA!
Olive:Girlfriend?
TCD:I'll tell you when you're older.
Olive:But?
TCD:OLDER!
TCD:But no offense Miss.P,but if anyone wants to be intimate with you,then I'm a goose! HA HA HA HA HA!
Miss.P:Well,for your information after the last of the Hallows were killed and any of the remaining Wights were sentenced to proper punishment,the Ymbryne Council had decided that the current rule that have been placed on us can now be bent.
Millard:Huh?
Miss.P:In other words I am currently seeing someone.
Everyone:GASP!
TCD:Welp I'm gonna go teach myself to swim.
Hugh:Why?
TCD:Cause apparently I'm a goose now! I hope geese and chicken food is the same.
Millard:Who wants samachiches?

Hi everyone! Its me,just a quick update I'm not going to upload any asks for a few days so I can make as many as I can with the current question. Btw thanks for all the great question I have so many ideas! I just want to ask one thing from you guys,what are the ship for for Jacob x Emma or Hugh x Fiona,I would really like to use them;). Also I'm surprised no one has asked the charters about the movie;). Also you can ask the twins from the movie,it's not limited to the book,YOU CAN ASK ANYONE even the peculiar goats and chickens;)(I have to stop with the winky faces). Anyway on to the question.
To everyone:what do you all think of Olive? Olive O` Connors
Enoch:Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh...Why does this person have Olive's first name and my last name stitched together?
TCD:Welcome to the wonderful but unusual world of shipping's.
Enoch:What does boats have to do with any of this?
TCD:Ya know what forget it,just answer the question.
Claire:Olive is my bestes friend in the whole wide world!
TCD:*Whispers softly* Then what does that make me?
Millard:Dinner?
TCD:Ya know your mouth is invisible,but not your voice.
Olive:Claire is my bestest friend in the whole wide world too!*Hugs Claire*
TCD:Bronwyn be on standby,because if this continues I'm going to get a heart attack from all this cuteness.
Claire:Oh and Olive is really cute too!
Olive:So is Claire!
*Claire and Olive hug each other*
TCD:Welp that's it! Im dead just totally dead! Goodbye everyone I'll see you all on the other side.*Thatchickendude has left the building*
Jacob:Uhhhhhhhh,anyway I do like Olive though I wish I've spent a little more time to get to know her a bit more. And actually her peculiarity is pretty cool! I mean she actually she floated down a 20 something story building with a chain of like 2 dozen peculiar s behind her.
Olive:*Gasp* We should have a tea party,and then we can get to know each other better!
Claire:Yay! TEA PARTY!
TCD:MRPH MRPH MRPH!
Hugh:Hold on I can speak gibberish.
...
He said I'm still dying in here.
Enoch:I thought you were already dead?!
TCD:MRPH! MRPH! MRPH!
Hugh:OKAY! I am NOT repeating that!
Emma:Well I've known Olive for a very long time and I very much enjoy her.
Fiona:*Whispers in Hughes ear*
Hugh:Fiona says that she really loves spending time with Olive in the garden and watch her trying to guess all the names of the plants with her.
Hugh:And I can't say I don't like her,and it is kinda of funny when she runs away from my bees when I let them pollinate.
Olive:*Making a mad face at Hugh*
Bronwyn:Well aside from Miss. Peregrine,I always take care of Olive and I do think of her as my little sister.
Olive:And I think of Bronwyn as my big sister!
Claire:But what about me?
Bronwyn:Oh Honey,you're also my little sister too.
Horace:I do like Olive and I do love it when she admires and asks me to make her pretty clothing. Though I wish she would stop playing in the mud with them on.
Millard:Well I like Olive,and she really knows how to throw a tea party. Oh and I love to play Hide-and-go-seek with her.
Olive:Well I don't!*Stamps foot on ground* You always cheat by putting your clothes on the scarecrows!
Millard:All's fair in Love and War my dear.
:Well this isn't even a question,of course I love Olive. I love all my children equally and just the way they are.
Olive:*Runs up and hugs Miss.P* I love you too Miss.P!
Enoch:...
What?!
Hugh:It's your turn.
Enoch:No it's not.
Emma:Well lets see here Me and Jacob went,then Fiona and Hugh,Claire,Bronwyn,Horace,Millard,and Finally . So yes it is your turn.
Enoch:UCK! FINE! Olive is the MOST whiny,annoying,girly,immature little brat that I have ever meet!
Everyone:...
Jacob:WoW Enoch. Just WOW.
Enoch:But..
Horace:But,he said but.
Hugh and Millard:*Snort* Butt.
Enoch:But she does willing let let me use her dolls for my,experiments. And It's….Nice,when she laughs and giggles when she watches them move around and stuff. And to be honest my entire life would not be the same or as good as it is without her…
Everyone:...
Olive:*Hugs Enoch* I love you too Enoch!
Enoch:GET OFF OF ME YOU BLOODY AIR FILLED RAT!
Olive:Nope.
Enoch:Wait isn't it chickens turn to answer the question?
*A hole in the wall opens and TCD BURSTS through it!*(Just imagine the scene where sponge bob burst through the wall of the kitchen when he hears mermaid man is in the krusty krab.)
TCD:Has the cuteness finally subsided?
Miss.P:Yes it has but was it really necessary for you to burst through the wall like that?
Jacob:How did you even do that?
TCD:Yes,yes it was necessary. And I'm a lot more resilient that you think.
I may have broken my breast bone but at least I looked awesome while doing it.( from a third person view)
TCD:But yes I really do like Olive. Next to Claire,she is the textbook definition of purity. She kind and sweet and has one of the most interesting and useful peculiarities that I have ever seen. And I do agree with Jacob the whole peculiar chain thing was pretty awesome! And personally I do love how I can sit on her head and she can take me up as high as I want,It's like I'm KING OF THE WORLD!
Now that the question is over,I need a recommendation.
Horace:For what pray-tell?
TCD:For my broken breast bone,Should I go see a Doctor a Vet or an Ornithologist.
Millard:Who wants Samiches!

Short update/Rant.
IF YOU GET TRIGGERED BY well…..ANYTHING,THEN PLEASE DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DON'T READ THIS.
Hello everyone I don't have a chapter this time,sorry. I'm still working on them,but there are things IRL that I have to do and as you know that really gets in the way. Anyway I didn't write and upload this page just to waste your time,no I wanted to address a certain issue that has recently risen up from my ASK THE PECULIAR S. Well it's not really an issue so much as it just a fan(Or at least I think they are a fan?) showing some concern for my recent uploads.
I'll just get on to what I'm saying,first off I would like to thank catspats31 for his/her concern. It does mean a lot that someone like you would go totally out of their way to write(or copy and paste) that long explanation just for my dinky little ask blog that literary has tens of fans and viewers,maybe even less. It does mean a lot that you don't want to see the admins shut down my little "ask" because of creativity and punctuation and inter activeness,and I really do appreciate that and I do respect the admins and their rules whoever they are.
I just have a few thing of my own I would like to express to not only you but also anyone else with these concerns.
Number one;in terms of punctuation and being more descriptive,I would be more than happy to put ! .,? "" '';:and so on. The only thing is if I were to do what you said and do,"Good point",replied Millard,instead of just the standard Millard:Good point. Then I would have to make my chapters at least 10x shorter then I want to be only because then it would be too long and take away from the golden(I have to toot my own horn once and awhile) comedy and drama of each of the question. So like isn't that the point of "ask" questions,to make them short,sweet,and funny just to get the point across not so much about descriptions? But if more punctuation and specifics will make you and anyone else happy then I'll try everything within my human power to do so. And one more thing,if you have seen half of the 'ask blogs' for other fandom s then you know that they are similar if not exactly the same as my format,and they haven't had any form of trouble from the admins.
Number 2;why exactly can I not use reviews that don't come from PMs? Now I'm very new to to the fan-fiction site,I only created my account a few months ago and only posted 2 fan-fictions and one of them doesn't even count as a story. I mean are the adims really going to shut this down simply because of something like that? I Mean I specifically asked people to post PG-13 questions,and many of them have.
# 3;referring back to number,let's take the POJ(Percy Jackson and the Olympians) fandom for example,majority of all the stories posted;Darkpercy,retelling of the books,Ocs,different godly parent,modern day no gods Percy,Percy is betrayed by the gods,Percy being shipped with someone other than Annabeth(Mostly other boys,let's be honest if you looked on the POJ fan site,or any,you would see a lot of it too.),and so on. So I think I've made my general point,also I apologize to any POJ writers who have wrote these stories,it's just there's so many of them that it becomes a really big turn away.
Anyway that's my rant,thank you again catspats31 for you concern i'll be sure to take it into consideration and make my ask better blah,blah,blah I'm done wasting your time. Goodnight Everybody.
A soft but firm knock comes at the bedroom door.
TCD:"Come in!"
The door opens and walks into the room in her ankle high black night gown and cap with her pipe in hand.
TCD:"Okay,I'm 86% sure that I didn't walk into a Charles Dickinson's book."
Miss.P:"Very clever and witty as usual Mr. Chicken. Now then have you wrote that response back to that nice person whose name I could never produce?"
TDC:"Yes I have,but seriously some people need to have a little more IMAGINATION."
Miss.P:"Why did you just draw the outline of arch with your wings?"
TCD:"UH,never mind it's just an internet reference."
Miss.P:"Oh and I do so hope you-"
TCD:Yes yes. I did put in a disclaimer and apology for triggering anyone and yada,yada,yada. Aren't you supposed to be reading a story to the little ones and giving them milk and forehead kisses to bed?"
Miss.P:"Yes but Bronwyn fills that job far better than I ever could,why do you ask?"
TCD:"Don't know,just kind of thought you would be more of the motherly type?"
Miss.P:"I'm a guardian a protector a benefactor and a caretaker,not a mother."
TCD:*says in a low tone* "It wouldn't kill you to act like one."
Miss.P:"Sorry?"
TCD:"I said shouldn't you be asleep?"
Miss.P:"Yes but shouldn't you?"
TCD:*EDGY BATMAN VOICE* "Justice never sleeps!"
*Normal voice* "And neither do these questions apparently. So I have a lot of typing ahead of me."
Miss.P:"Just one question though,how do you type with your wings?"
TCD:"Silly Miss.P haven't you figured it out? I don't type with my wings that would take me forever,I type with my feet."
Miss.P:"Oh,well that make more sense. Well goodnight ."
TCD:"Goodnight Miss. Peregrine."

Ask the Peculiars
Hi everyone here is the first of the many questions. Ill try to upload them as regularly as I can so keep your eyes peeled. Oh yeah and I don't own The series,that goes to please support him. Enjoy!
Answering Review Time!
Guest:Can you write more about Enoch and Olive please? Also,didnt you love them in the movie?
Answer:Yes I can all you have to do is ask with olive or enoch something. And I was a bit on the fence with their relationship in the movie. But If you're asking me in the peculiar universe then please format it like this;To Thatchickendude:Didn't you love Olive and Enoch in the movie?
Goosegal:OMG MAKE MORE I LUV U PS!
Answer:*Fiery Tomato red blush* Um,wow,you ma'am or sir are the craziest person I've meet on the internet so far(And I haven't meet a lot). And I love people like you! 
Miss crazy:I LOVED THIS! THIS WAS GREAT CAN U MAKE MORE? I guess my fav part was when olive hugged Enoch and he called her something mean after complimenting her and olive would let go. I love the chicken dude LOL my question:why did enoch cheer up Esme (truly Enoch) and what does the gang think of Sam?
Answer:Geez you really are crazy! And What I love about ya! Yes I will make more when I have enough time on my hands. Also I didn't quite understand your question at the end. It's been awhile since I've re-read the first two books,so who's Esme and Sam. Just a suggestion,could you rewrite it for me please?
To Miss.P:Who are you seeing? Soup42222
Miss.P:"Well,we meet again Mr. and/or Mrs. soup."
Enoch:"Wow not even one question out and were already back on this topic."
TCD:"Well when you share 'EARTH SHATTERING NEWS' like this,people are going to eat it up."
Claire:"Someone is going to eat !"
Bronwyn:"Calm down honey,no one is going to eat Miss.P."
TCD:"Though she probably would be tasty-"
Everyone:...
TCD:"In Theory,of course! But were getting off topic!"
Emma:"I do agree with him. The question,not the eating . I am rather curious as to who exactly you are currently intimate with?"
Jacob:"Yeah who is he Miss.P?"
All the kids:"Yeah,who?"
Miss.P:"Alright alright settle down children."
TCD:"Who's to say that she's seeing a guy?"
Everyone:"Gasp!"
Emma:*Fire slap!*
TCD:"OW! HOT! WHAT WAS THAT FOR!?"
Emma:"I simple cannot believe that you would ever think of in such a way!"
TCD:"What you mean,the thought of her dating a Turkey is bad?"
Everyone:...
TCD:"Or maybe a Duck,perhaps a parrot?! No no a quail,no too small. Maybe a Pigeon,there fast as a Peregrine!"
Emma:"Oh,you were referring to birds?"
TCD:"Well of course! She is half bird after all,it makes sense that she would date another bird. What exactly do you think I was referring to Miss. Bloom?"
Emma:"UHHHHHHHHHHHHH,nothing…."
TCD:"Good lets keep it that way. But anyway why don't you answer the question Miss. P,while I go find some burn cream for my face."
*Thatchickendude has left the building.*
Miss.P:"Well,now that all that drama is gone think I should just get straight to the point. And I am not dating any sort of bird."
Enoch:*Speaks under breath* "Ya think?"
Miss.P:"The person that I'm currently seeing has informed me from the gecko that he doesn't want his identity to be revealed to any of my friends and wards until he feels he is both comfortable and finds the right time to do so which I completely respect,also I myself wouldn't have revealed his identity even if he gave me permission as I feel that it is not the right time."
*Random door slams open*
TCD:"3,2,1."
Jacob:"Uh,why are you counting down?"
TCD:"Because this is usually the part when a certain invisible boy says 'who wants samiches'!"
Millard:"Who wants…..HEY! You stole my thunder!"
TCD:"BOOM BABY!"

Ask the Peculiars
Hi everyone I hope you all had a good thanksgiving or if you do celebrate it,anyway things have been busy with me and it's hard to find time to do asks and find a job. Oh and I do have one question to ask of all my beautiful fans (and shippers) would you like or dislike it if I added in one of my OCs to the asks,because I'm pretty sure that he or should I say theywould have something interesting to bring to the table. anyway I don't own The series,that goes to please support him. Enjoy!
To Millard:Where did Millard live before he came to live with miss. peregrine-Soup42222
Enoch:"Wow this normal sure does have a lot of questions."
TCD:"My boy,this is only the tip of the iceberg. *Whispers Softly* Just wait till you see what's in store for you."
Enoch:"What?!"
TCD:*COUGH* "What?"
Emma:"Boys,boys please this question isn't for you it's for Millard."
Horace:"Now that you've brought it up Mr. and/or Ms. Soup,in all the time I've spent with Millard I've never known a bloody thing about his past,so this topic does peak my curiosity?"
Hugh:"Yeah,go on Mill tell us?"
Millard:"UHHHHHHHHHH…"
Millard:*Looks toward *.
Miss.P:"You don't have to if you don't want to. He doesn't have to if he doesn't want to right Mr. Chicken?"
TCD:"Well unless the person asks it like 'You have to answer this question no matter what',then no he doesn't have to."
Emma:"Thank the bird for loopholes."
TCD:"I see what you did their."
Millard::Well,uhhh. I was,you know,around? Look it's something I really don't like to talk about,and it's something that doesn't get any easier to think about even after 90 years. So can we just leave it at that."
TCD:"I don't see why we can't."
Everyone:…..
Jacob:"Well this question was… short."
Claire:"Can we have another one!"
TCD:"Well I don't see why not." * Take out a pair of glasses for chicken* "Let's see here."
Hugh:"Why do you have glasses? And where did get them?"
TCD:"Plot hole/ comedy use. And the magic satchel. Now question 2."
To Hugh:How is the feeling of having bees in your stomach? Like,do you actually feel them flying around or something.-ScarlettHuntsman 
Hugh:"I love this question!"
TCD:"Then answer le question."
Hugh:"When did you get a French accent? And why does everyone think that french people say 'le' in the front of every sentence?"
TCD:"One because I felt like it and two humans are just dumb,if you tell them enough times that eating 10 lb of chocolate during Halloween will help you lose 15lb they will eventually believe it. Its kinda of like how everyone thinks that all Americans say 'like' in the front of every sentence. Now Answer the QUESTION!"
Hugh:"OKAY YOU DON'T HAVE TO SHOUT."
Jacob:"LOUD NOISES!"
TCD and Hugh:…
Jacob:"Sorry go on."
Hugh:"Yeah well,to answer your question yes I do feel them. But it's not an annoying feeling and at first it was kinda of strange and ticklish but eventually I got so use to it that I can keep a whole hive in my stomach. And just for the record they don't actually fly in my stomach they just crawl around,they only fly when I open my mouth to let them pollinate,if they did fly then I would need a much bigger stomach."
Jacob:"I just have one question?"
Hugh:"What is it?"
Jacob:"If the bees live in your stomach,then how come none of them become digested?"
TCD:"This is something I've been asking myself?"
Hugh:"Well you're not wrong they do get digested,but only a few of the unlucky ones. Besides I can just go outside and replace the ones that I lost."
Jacob:"Oh,well now I know."
TCD:* Looks at watch*
Emma:"Where did you get a watch?"
TCD:"Plot hole/ magic satchel."
Horace:"Well why are you looking so intensely at it? Do you have as the Americans say 'have a hot date'."
TCD:"When you're a smokin hot rooster like me and live in a chicken coop full of beautifully fat hens,then every day you got a hot date. But that's not why I'm looking at my watch."
Horace:":Then why?"
TCD:"Hmm,I don't know maybe Millard can answer that for us?"
Millard:*Inhales Deeply*
Emma:"Millard NO! We just finished having the Thanksgiving meal and turkey!"
Millard:"Awwww,but its my catchphrase."
Jacob:"Up up and away?"
Millard:"no."
TCD:"To infinity and beyond?"
Millard:"NO!"
Horace:"Reach for the skies?"
Millard:"NO! URGH!"
TCD:"Take note Enoch,that is how you become a good troll. Oh and Miss. Peregrine I just have to say the Turkey that you prepared was just fantastically delicious!"
Miss.P:"Well I'm glad you enjoyed it."
Everyone:* Looks at TCD with a horrified expression*
TCD:"What?"
Millard:"Who wants Vanillar Ice cram!"

Ask the Peculiars
Hi everyone I hope you all enjoyed your time off from school or college or work or whatever you do,I know I did. I just want to thank all of my beautiful and crazy fans out there for all your review and such,it never ceases to make me laugh! Now about the topic concerning my Oc integration into the ask the peculiars,TMCT (The Magical Christmas Turkey,btw love ur name) suggested that I have an Oc contest,and you know what? I love that idea! So here's the plane,the contest will start the day I post thisand willend on the 10th or 12th of December,why the 10th or 12th? Because I feel like it? So the rules are simple;give me the OCs name,age,description,personality,peculiarity,and anything else,it's that simple! The top three that I like the best and are the most original will come into the ask along side my Oc(just one side note,I may or maynot give your OC very slight changes,such as appearance/ clothing,extent of abilities or even personality to a slight degree. If you're ok with this then write em down). I would like to thank,um,Guest? Sorry but ur name didn't come up in the review so I couldn't look up your fanfiction page and properly thank you also I couldn't see ur pic of me,please don't cry:( (I'm sad too). But I would like to thank you for your Oc,she sound very cool! Now normally the whole 'she's and nice girl with a kick' cliche has been over used,but it really suits her personality. One minute she's like a gently summer breeze and the next she's a devastating hurricane! So again Thank you for the Oc,I will definitely consider her. Now to give you all a teaser for my Oc,he or should I say they refer to themselves only as the Fates! Unlike Horace,who can only see the future,the three of them can see the Past Present and Future. But they can't weave fate like the the Sisters of Fate in Greek Mythology only see it,and that's all I'm telling you. anyway I don't own The series,that goes to please support him. Enjoy!
Answer IRL Review Time!
Tillybananalover:I want vaniller ice cram!
Answer:You get vaniller ice cram! You get vaniller ice cram! Everyone gets vaniller ice cram!
WillowTree1221:Your so funny! Every time I read these,I laugh. Even if I've already read them! You're really good at comedy!
Answer:Thank you so much! I really do try my best3
DuchessGoodFairy and many other:If people post multiple of the same questions. Or the questions are extremely similar will you just include them as the same question?
Answer:Yes,yes I do. … that's all I have to say.
Goose Gal:Why are you so amazing?
Answer:Because I am,simple as...that?! 'Goose Gal',...,OMG I knew there were other talking farm poultry out their! In your wrinkly face you goggle wearing mutt!
Goose Gal:OMG MAKE MORE I LUV U PS IAMTypingwuthmytoesofcurseandutshard
Answer:OMG THXS SO MUCH ahdigdfioewhfoiqburby8efbbieufqel!
 85:This chapter is hilarious! I love Miss P's response! 
Chicken Dude,you're awesome!
Answer:Thank you and so are you3
GG:I Jacob .
Answer:?
GooseGal:Heyy it's everyone's fave goose ! ️ Me the goose . Anyway I have some questions to T.M.H.C.E. (The Most Handsome Chicken Ever !) First,can you question more people in the series ( please ...) . Two,do you need a crazy annoying yet lovable assistant? Then write me back . Also,for your broken breastbone,see both . A no brainer ! Also this is amazing and so so so so so so funny . I only read this 50 times and I love it ! Hope you're having a nice day and hope your breastbone is well . Love,GooseGAL .
Answer:Dear GooseGal,
First off I lovethis whole entire thing that you wrote for me! Second I think you will alway be my favorite goose! Third,T.M.H.C.E,Wow you are too kind. Forth it would be nice to have an assistant who is both crazy and loveable,I think that's called a Beta? I'm not too sure,I'm still very new to the Fanfiction site,I mean it took me a whole day just to figure out how to upload a story! So if you could send me a brief description of how I can do all that then I would love to have you as a Beta! Fifth I'll have to send the subject of my broken breast bone to my story self. Love,Thatchickendude
GooseGal:Books are read,the ocean is blue,the best chicken ever,is obviously YOU . Happy November Valentine's Day . Lots of love .
Answer:Awwwwwww3 Thank you so much I love this Poem! You are a girl and not just some guy masquerading as a girl,right? Oh who am I kidding,Ilove you too,lol.
To Enoch:Would you like to work as an undertaker like your parents?-ScarlettHuntsman 
Enoch:"You know I've always thought about it,and I mean for like a really really really long time."
Millard:"Like 90 plus years long!"
Enoch:"Hey! This is my question,not yours,so but out!"
Hugh:*snort* "Butt."
Jacob:"Okay,okay everyone enough butt jokes please."
Hugh:"Sorry Jake,it's just that everyone wants to get to the bottom of this mystery."
Emma:"Oh my goodness."
Horace:"Emma is right we should put this all behind us."
Hugh:"BWA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA!"
Emma:"Horace! Dont. Encourage him!"
Enoch:"…"
Enoch:"Knock knock."
Jacob:"Uh,who's their?"
Enoch:"Question."
Hugh:"Question who?"
Enoch:"Since when did this question for me turn into a trap for butt puns!"
Everyone:"…"
Enoch:"That's what I thought. Now where was I?"
Olive:"You were thinking about it for a long time?"
Enoch:"Oh,right,thanks. So yeah as I was saying,I did put much thought into it and at some point I really did want to. However I realized something while working with dead things for 90 plus years. The dead don't make for good conversation and when working with the dead,you got no company,you're all alone."
Olive:"You're not alone Enoch,you got all of us!"*tries to hug Enoch*
Enoch:* keeps Olive from hugging him* "That what I was insinuating."
Suddenly That chickendude bust through the wall carrying a battering ram.
Emma:"Oh My Birds! We just got that wall fixed from the last time you smashed through it!"
TCD:"Don't sweat it toots,I'll just pull a magic satchel."
Emma:"TOOTS!"
TCD:"I mean Emma!"
Jacob:"Magic satchel? You mean like how you got the battering ram?"
TCD:"Exactly!"
Horace:"How are you even holding that,you don't have any hands?"
TCD:"Plot hole."
Jacob:"So was their a reason you burst through the wall or did you just want to look cool."
TCD:"Actually I do have a viable reason this time around."
Horace:"And that would be?"
TCD:"I will have no insinuations or innuendos or anything of that matter!*Holds up watch* Not on my watch!"
Horace:"You don't have wrists,how on bloody earth are you wearing that?"
TCD:"PLOT-HOLES. Besides,Read The Sign!"
Emma:"Do not touch thermostat,Ever!"
TCD:"The other one."
Jacob:"PG-13 asks only,no exception!"
TCD:"Exactly!"
Enoch:"Oh you're one to talk,you make blue bloody innuendos all the bloomin time!"
TCD:"Good-point,but I only do it for comedy purposes,and besides only someone under the age of 12 wouldnt be able to understand them. Or don't know too much about farmyard fowl love life."
Millard:*Poops head from behind door* "Lunch time! Who wants-"
Enoch:"Samiches?"
Millard:"Uh no,Mac and cheese?"

Ask the Peculiars
Hi everyone,sorry it took so long to get out I was working on a Percy Jackson fan-fiction I've been writing for a while(If you like Percy Jackson then go check it out and review)well it's that time now,and no I don't mean Christmas. What I mean is,It's time to announce the winners for the OC Contestant! YAY! But anyway without further adieu the Top three Ocs that will be joining me and my Oc in the 'Ask The Peculiar s'. Before I do just remember that Ipicked these Ocs based entirely on my opinion of them and how original they are,and that I had no other help involved in the choosing of these Ocs,and that I have stated if I decide to use your Oc that I may make very minor changes to them. But anyway without keeping you in suspense any longer the Top Ocs that I choose are:Taking the number 3 spot is,The Pandas Oc called Dahlia. In second place is Dallas Oc called Dakota. And the Number one spot goes to Guest? Sorry but that's what her/his name said,just guest. If you are reading this than can you please tell me your name so I can properly thank and congratulate you? Anyway and his/her Oc called *Ahem* Ovie Caqujeos! Congratulations! 
I would also like to thank Guest? Again just please write your name so I don't have to go through this drama. Anyway thank you for your submission or should I say submissions,your Ocs seem very interesting. Unfortunately they won't be used in asks. However I'll do something even better and it's thanks to you and your Ocs,Elise Hillary and Shang-san,I will be adding them as well as everyone else that participated in the contest in a Multi-story fan-fiction that I am currently working on in my head. I would also like to thank *Oh boy* Udonthaveemojis,for your submission of your Oc Akane(translates to Red in Japanese) she too will be in the fan-fiction that I'm still creating.
Anyway I will give you all a brief description of each Oc as well as my own before I get on to the actual asks themselves(Again I'm definitely going to make some minor changes to said Ocs). First off Dahlia(The unusual girl);She is a short 11 year old(a bit taller than Claire)with the attention span of a goldfish,Bond curly hair with many strands that are dyed different colors and electric blue eyes,her past is shrouded in mystery and if you ask her she'll tell you it one way and then another(I Mean if she's going to have an origin story why not make it multiply choice),She wears a rainbow polka dotted dress with ruby red slippers(sometimes a fake mustaches or groucho glasses),she and I quote 'Is The dumbest person you will ever meet . She talks fast,says something mysterious,than forgets about it,changes the subject,then the same thing happens again and again,will keep hugging Enoch(because she has a crush on him) or anything that moves for no reason?' She has a scarlet macaw that she named dog and it can copy the voice or sound of anyone or anything. She has the ability to fly and pull random objects out of no wear(magic satchel technique).
Next Dakota(The living doll);She has green eyes that are two different shades of green,multiply stitched scars on her entire body,lumpy brown hair that resembles yarn or animal fur clumped together,very stiff features that are almost creepy,she's 12 years old and taller than olive in her weighted shoes. Abandoned by her family at a young age she was found by Miss. Glass Bill and taken to her loop. If she is ever harmed all she needs is a needle and thread and simply sew herself back together.
Next Ovie Caqujeos(Daughter of Zues);Ovie Caqujeos ( its pronounced CA-que -jayos ). Shes has a medium height,and thin a twig with a long nose,and shoulder length wavy hair colored like mouse poop(don't tell her that),stormy green grey eyes,she wears stocking with exposed toes a grey dress with a white over coat,\. She is cheerful and easy going but if you make her mad she will rain down living hell on you or crush your head like a juice box(whichever is more painful),her favorite food is chicken(I'm going to have to keep an eye on this one and stay in well lit areas). She can control the very essence of nature itself and whip up a hurricane of destruction or water a garden bed(plus she can fly).
And lastly The Fates;The three of them don't like to use their real names so instead they use the names of the Grey Sisters from Greek mythology and call themselves the Fates like some kind of gang. Their names are(from right to left) Tempest,Wasp,and Anger(though they don't live up to their names). They all wear the same clothing,brown raggy shirts with brown raggy pants with no shoes. They are a tad shorter than Jacob. And like The Grey Sister of legend they all share a single eye (Well actually 2). And that's all I'm telling you!*Insert evil laughter*
See you soon!

Ask the Peculiars
The 12 PeculiarDays of Christmas! 
On the first day of Christmas my true love gave to me:
Miss Peregrine in a Pear Tree.
Miss.P:Will someone get me down please.
On the second day of Christmas my true love gave to me:
Two little twins. 
And Miss Peregrine in a Pear Tree.
Miss.P:Someone please get me down.
On the third day of Christmas my true love gave to me:
Three French hens.
TCD:I'm not French. If anything I'm Italian.
Two little twins.
And in a Pear Tree. 
Miss.P:Will anyone get me down.
On the fourth day of Christmas my true love gave to me:
Four calling Yembrums.
Three French hens.
TCD:Still not French.
Two little twins. 
And Miss Peregrine in a Pear Tree.
Miss.P:Hello? Anyone?
On the fifth day of Christmas my true love gave to me:
Five pickled Hearts!
Hugh:Okay,that's just nasty!
Four calling Yembrums.
Three French hens.
TCD:I'm NOT French!
Two little twins.
And Miss. Peregrine in a Pear Tree.
Miss.P:Anyone at all?
On the sixth day of Christmas my true love gave to me:
Six Peculiar Chickens laying.
Five pickled Heart!
Hugh:That's still nasty!
Four calling Yembrums.
Three French Hens.
TCD:Italian people,ITALIAN!
Two little twins.
And in a Pear Tree.
Miss.P:Sometime this century would be nice.
On the seventh day of Christmas my true love gave to me:
Seven Hollows drowning.
Six Peculiar Chickens laying.
Five Pickled hearts!
Hugh:Still nasty.
Four calling Yembrums.
Three French hens.
TCD:I'm I talking to the wall or something.
Two little twins.
And MIss. Peregrine in a Pear Tree.
Miss.P:Come on I'm not getting any younger up here.
On the eighth day of Christmas my true love gave to me:
Eight Peculiar goats a milking.
Seven Hollows drowning.
Six Peculiar Chickens laying.
Five Pickled hearts!
Hugh:Just nasty.
Four calling Yembrums.
Three French hens.
TCD:Thought it could always be the fourth wall I'm talking to.
Two little twins.
And in a Pear Tree.
Miss.P:Olive,Browyn,Hugh,anyone?
On the Ninth day of Christmas my true love gave to me:
Nine Ladies dancing.
Eight Peculiar goats a milking.
Seven Hollows drowning.
Six Peculiar Chickens laying.
Five Pickled hearts!
Hugh:Nasty.
Four calling Yembrums.
Three French hens.
TCD:Or maybe it's the third wall?
Two little twins.
And in a Pear Tree.
Miss.P:Well if I'm going to be stuck up here I might as well enjoy the view.
On the Tenth day of Christmas my true love gave to me:
Ten girls in Dresses. 
Horace:My finest work yet.
Nine Ladies dancing.
Eight Peculiar goats a milking.
Seven Hollows drowning.
Six Peculiar Chickens laying.
Five Pickled hearts!
Hugh:Do I need to say it.
Four calling Yembrums.
Three French hens.
TCD:Alright I get it already,but I'm still Italian!
Two little twins.
And in a Pear Tree.
Miss.P:Okay funny stuff is over!
On the Eleventh day of Christmas my true love gave to me:
Eleven Weights a plotting.
Ten girls in Dresses. 
Horace:Still such beauty.
Nine Ladies dancing.
Eight Peculiar goats a milking.
Seven Hollows drowning.
Six Peculiar Chickens laying.
Five Pickled hearts!
Hugh:…
Four calling Yembrums.
Three French hens.
TCD:AUGH! 
Two little twins.
And in a Pear Tree.
Miss.P:…
On the Twelfth day of Christmas my true love gave to me:
Twelve live action moives.
Eleven Weights a plotting.
Ten girls in Dresses. 
Horace:I am such a visionary.
Nine Ladies dancing.
Eight Peculiar goats a milking.
Seven Hollows drowning.
Six Peculiar Chickens laying.
Five Pickled hearts!
Hugh:I'm just going to help Miss.P out of that tree.
Four calling Yembrums.
Three French hens.
TCD:I'm right behind you Hugh.
Two little twins.
And in a Pear Tree!
Miss.P:It's about time.

Ask the Peculiars
Hi everyone hope you all had a great winter break,I know I did. Anyway not much to say other than that the Ocs will be in the next chapter *insert evil laughter*,but seriously I love all you guys thanks for always being patient! Enjoy!
To Hugh and Fiona:When are you guys getting married,have you set a date yet?-LadyMorphine
Everyone:*Speechless*
TCD:*Urge to ship rising!*
Fiona:*Speechless*
Hugh:"Um,Er,Eh,hehe,I-um,I-er,huh?"
Jacob:"Was that even English?"
Miss.P:"Mr. Chicken!"
TCD:"What?"
Miss.P:"I thought you said that only PG 13 questions were allowed?!"
TCD:"Yes I did,and this question is PG 13! This is genuine curiosity!"
Enoch:"Why the bloomin hell would anyone want to know about their relationship?"
TCD:*snort* "You said Ship."
Everyone:"….?"
TCD:"Anyway maybe we should address the elephant in the room."
Elephant:*Elephant noises*
TCD:"Not now Simba I wasn't referring to you. But let's not forget that before those two were a thing. *Points at Jake and Emma* These two *Points at Hugh and Fiona* have been together before the television was created! And honestly I'm a tad curious as to why you two haven't tied the knot yet."
Jacob:"Yeah I'm a bit curious too. At this time shouldn't you two be having your like 200th Anniversary or something?"
Finoa:"!"
Hugh:"200th Anniversary! Jake how old do you think we are?!"
Jacob:"Um."
TCD:"Jake trust me when I say you don't want to answer that question,I've been in this kind of situation before and it never ends well."
Simba:*Elephant noises*
TCD:"Yeah yeah don't remind me."
Fiona:*whispers in Hughes ear*
Hugh:"Fiona wants to know where the Elephants came from in the first place?"
TCD:"My pocket,now answer the question."
Hugh:"Well for starters the both of us are only teenagers so don't you think marriage is a little too soon to be talking about?"
Jacob:" But aren't you like almost a century old?"
Hugh:"Yeah but Jake don't you remember when (READ LIBRARY OF SOULS,READ LIBRARY OF SOULS,READ LIBRARY OF SOULS!) so now we're back to being our original ages."
Jacob:"Oh right! Silly me."
TCD:"Okay but seriously when the wedding!?"
Hugh:"What's with the notebook?"
TCD:What notebook?
Hugh:"The one that says 'Fan-fiction rough drafts'."
TCD:*Throws away notebook* "I have no idea what you're getting at. I don't see any notebook,now stop dodging the question!"
Hugh:"Alright,alright,alright already! Me and Fiona are currently too young to be getting married and so when the time comes when we are older,then we will most certainly get married. Happy!?"
TCD:*anime blush* "Yes,now kiss."
Hugh:"Come again?"
TCD:*Shakes head back to reality* "Oh sorry I didn't mean for you to see my inner fan girl."
Emma:"Has anyone seen Millard,he's been very quiet?"
TCD:"One could even say he's been pretty invisible!"
Everyone:"…."
TCD:"What I'm just saying that's he's been a phantom!"
Millard:"Dude no!"
TCD:"Dude yes!"
Millard:"If you don't stop Ima say my catchphrase!"
TCD:"Millard if you value your eyes,wherever they are,then you will not say that phrase or I will go all kinds of Alfred Hitchcock on your butt(or face)!"
Millard:"..."
Millard:"Who wants-"
TCD:*Alfred Hitchcock mode activated*
….
Announcer:"This ask has been brought to you by 'Samiches'! You gotta love them Smaiches!"

ASK THE PECULIARS
Hi everyone I'm back again! Anyway I've recently been seeing one particularquestion that came up like six time,so I'm not going to add the OCs until the next one. But for now Enjoy! 
Many people have asked:Is Fiona pregnant?Everyone:*Speechless*
Fiona:*Faints*
Horace:"Great! Just bloody great! The internet has killed Fiona!"
Hugh:"Fiona! Come on stay with me,don't go into the light!"
TCD:*Profuse sweating*
Bronwyn:*grabs TCD by the neck* "Why did you allow this question! Thanks to you Fiona has fainted!"TCD:"GET YOUR HANDS OFF OF ME YOU HEAVINESS BROUGHT!"
Everyone:"…"
TCD:"First off Don't choke the chicken! And second let me explain,but first I need to get on my High Elephant."
Horace:"Don't you mean High Horse?"
TCD:"No. Get over here Simba!"
Simba:*Elephant noises*
TCD:*Stands on Simba's trunk* "Now listen here all of you! I know all of you want to strangle me for this question and it has been made worse by Fiona fainting. And to this I say,TOO DAMN BAD!"
Everyone from the 20s:*GASP!*
TCD:"Yeah thats right I said it! You all think you have problems?!*Sarcasm* Oh Fiona Fainted! Oh this question is too inappropriate! Well BOO-WHO! I've gotten this question more than once from posting previous asks and have been avoiding them and ever since I uploaded the last chapter,I immediately got swarmed with more than a dozen people asking the same exact thing;'Is Fiona pregnant'! So you think you got problems,well I'm going mad here! SO just answer the question so we can all get on with our lives!" *HUFF HUFF Huff huff*
Everyone:"…"
TCD:"Well I'm done,go ahead and answer the question so I can have a proper mental break down."
Hugh:"Ok? Anyway as I stated before me and Fiona are TOO YOUNG to be thinking about marriage or kids. So the answer is no she is not pregnant,but we do plan on having kids when we are married,end of story."
TCD:"Fan-fiction writers to your key boards!"
Simba:*Excited Elephant noises*
TCD:"Oh hush,you don't even have fingers."
Simba:*Annoyed elephant noises*
Hugh:"Oh dear I think I just triggered something."
Jacob:"This is going to be a long Friday."
