"Promise me one thing,Jake. That you will try to look after them all," said Miss Peregrine,raising her hands as if to cup his face,her blue-green eyes piercing his deep blue ones to look into his very soul,before slowly letting them drop.
"I promise," he answered before leaning in and whispering "I'll save you. I need you,I can't let you die." into her ear.
"He pulled away slightly but she grabbed his wrist,pulling him into a fierce hug. They stayed like that for several minutes until they heard a loud cough coming from behind them. She was the one to pull away this time.
"I have to go. Please be safe,you're all they've got beside Miss Avocet and I can't bear the thought of anything happening to you. I need to know that whatever happens,you'll stay alive."
Jake opened his mouth as if to reply but she leaned in and slowly brushed her lips against his,relishing in the moment,knowing that they might never have the chance to be with each other ever again,swallowing his words. The boy instantly relaxed into her kiss,and it was as if the world had stopped existing for a moment,leaving them alone,together. She pressed her tongue against his lips,requesting entry to his mouth,which he eagerly granted by opening his mouth and tilting his head to give her better access,deepening the kiss. Miss Peregrine pulled away after a few minutes and took several steps back.
"I have another thing to ask of you,Jake,before I leave."
"I'll do whatever you want me to."
"Please call me by my first name."
"I will."
"Goodbye Jake. I love you,and I hope to see you again someday,in another life," she said,tears flowing down her cheeks.
"I love you too,Alma,and I hope to see you again someday soon,in this life,"
He ran toward his lover,pulled her into his arms and hugged her tightly before giving her a lingering parting kiss on the lips and taking a step back. He watched as she turned into a bird and flew to the open cage. He winced as Barron closed and locked the cage. He looked him in the eye,then Alma,and then they were gone,leaving him alone in the hall. He sat against the wall and let his tears flow down his cheeks while shouting her name repeatedly. He stayed like that for what seemed like hours before slowly calming himself. He got on his feet,walked toward the door behind which the children were and grabbed the doorknob,only one thought on his mind: find her.
