Olive's POV
I'm laying in bed thinking about today's events. Thanks to Jake we beat Mr. Barron and his hollows and wights,Enoch saved me from freezing to death,and Jake came back to us only a few minutes before we moved the ship off the dock. He'd explained to all of us that it had actually been months in his time that he's seen us,which explains why his hair has grown a little longer. I sigh and get up out of my new bed and walk over to the old bookshelf,browsing the shelves to see if I can find a interesting read. Suddenly I hear footsteps racing down the hall and my bedroom door slamming open. I jump and see Enoch standing still in the doorway for a few seconds before he's suddenly slamming the door closed and rushing to me. He wraps his arms around me and crushes me to him. I heat up my hands a little and rub his back slightly. I feel him shiver and pull me closer. I look at him silently asking him 'what's wrong?'.I'm sorry I never realized how much I love you" he whispers to me. My eyes widen in surprise,'He loves me back' I think to myself. I snap out of it and quickly crush my lips to his,I don't need any apology. I have been in love with him since the day I met him and I'm not about to watch as he tears himself up because of what happened earlier. He saved me,I'm alive and with him,that's all that matters.
He kisses me back eagerly for a few moments before he's suddenly kissing every inch of my face. He frantically kisses my cheeks,my forehead and my lips. I squeal when he decides to be bold and kiss my neck once. I've never seen him act like this before. He's always been the strong and silent type,never wanting to seem weak in front of everyone,including me. Words cannot describe how great I feel right in this moment. I feel his heart racing against my chest and smile at him. I take his hand in mine and lead him to my bed. Its been a long day and we should get some rest. We lay there together for what feels like forever when in reality it's only been a few minutes. His arm is now around my waist and my head is on his chest. We quietly whisper to each other for a few minutes before I begin to feel myself drifting to sleep. My last thought before I succumb to slumber is 'I'm so glad he finally realized'.
