I don't own the book,the movie,or any of these characters. They all belong to Ransom Riggs and Tim Burton. I really hope you guys enjoy my fanfiction and please leave a review. BTW this is Post LOS. 
Jake's POV
We had time. The three most beautiful words in the english language. I stood there just gazing into the eyes of the love of my life. Her beautiful blue eyes reminded me of some exotic island surrounded by ocean that Emma and I would honeymoon to some day. I just couldn't shake off the thought that I got to spend time with her. Real time,not that crazy loop time. Real time,in the real present with a very real Emma.
"Are you just going to stand there or will you take me inside?" Emma questioned.
I chuckled a bit before grabbing her hand and walking through the doorway into living room where Emma and I sat on the couch with the rest of the peculiars and just held hands while gazing into each other's eyes once again.
"J - Jacob please tell me whats going on immediately" my father said interrupting the silence.
I broke my gaze with Emma and turned my head towards the voice "Okay dad" I started nervously while turning to face him. " This is Miss Peregrine and her peculiar children"
" Jake,were you with these people when you went missing?" my mother questioned angrily.
I shot Miss Peregrine a nervous glance and she nodded slowly while I turned my attention back to my parents and answered their question.
"Yes,mom I was with them when I went missing. Because,they're like family to me now and soon enough,they will be to you too."
I said while squeezing Emma's hand,patting Claire's head,and looking at Miss Peregrine.
" Jacob why are you holding that girl's hand?" my dad questioned nervously.
"Well…" I started. But,before I could say anything else Emma cut in and quickly answered my dad by saying
" Because I am his,Girlfriend" she said while shooting me a excited glance " And,I love him"
My mom then had a look of complete disgust on her face. But,my dad looked happier than I have seen him in a long time.
"You have a girlfriend?" My dad questioned anxiously and exited.
I looked at Emma lovingly and answered " Yes dad,I do. And I love her more than anything else in this entire world."
The moment I finished that sentence my mom fainted. Miss Peregrine smiled reassuringly,Enoch stared at me and Emma like we had just been barfed on. And my dad stood up and started yelling
" That's my boy that's a Portman!"
He then walked over to Emma and violently shook her hand and then asked.
"What's your name sweetie"
"Emma Bloom sir,pleased to make your acquaintance" she answered while curtseying.
" Future Mrs. Emma Portman,that has a nice ring to it. I like it!" My dad said.
Emma and I both turned beet red after my dad made that comment and Miss Peregrine looked as if she had seen a ghost. Then,Enoch broke into hysterical laughter as if he had just heard the most hilarious thing in the world.
"Dad,I think we need to discuss where Miss Peregrine and the children will be staying because,they will be staying here." I said trying to change the subject.
"Alright. I think all the boys can stay in the guest room. All the girls can stay in grampa's old room,and you and possibly Emma,can stay in your room. And Miss Peregrine can stay in the second guest room in the basement." my dad answered surprisingly confidenlyt.
"Is that alright with you Miss Peregrine" I asked hopefully.
"I suppose. And since when we were at Bentham's house in Devil's Acre and Emma and you slept together there and where fairly responsible then,I guess I will allow you and Emma to stay in the same room together if you wish."
"Thank you Miss Peregrine" I answered while standing up and heading upstairs to show everyone where there rooms were.
"Here is the boys room." I said while pointing to a door at the end of the hall.
"There is the girls room." I continued and pointed to a door across the hall from the boys.
"And there is my room. If you need anything please feel free to knock." I finished while pointing to a door a the top of the hall.
"Thank you Jacob" Olive said while opening her door.
"Off course Olive." I answered smiling.
I then grabbed Emma's hand and lead her inside my room and sat on the bed.
"Wow,the nerve my dad has to call you Future Mrs. Emma Portman." I said breaking the silence.
" I know! But,I was sorta hoping he was telling the truth." Emma admitted under her breath.
I looked at her right in the eyes and said " I really,really do hope so."
Then I leaned in and suddenly we were kissing. This was nothing like the other sorts of kisses I have received from Emma before. This was different,it felt needed. Like how a fish need water to survive. Emma and I needed this kiss. It felt as if this kiss was the only way to truly express the love I had for Emma.
Then we heard a knock at the door and immediately broke our kiss and straightened ourselves out. I slowly walked over and flung the door open to reveal someone I did not expect. There standing in the doorway was my old friend Ricky.
Thank you guys so much for reading my fanfiction! I will be updating soon so make sure you guys stay tuned for next chapter. Feel free to leave a review and follow my account. Thanks!

I don't own the book,the movie,or any of these characters. They all belong to Ransom Riggs and Tim Burton. I really hope you guys enjoy my fanfiction and please leave a review. BTW this is post LOS.
Jake's POV
"Ricky?" I questioned with a surprised tone. What was my old friend Ricky doing in my house this late at night.
"Hey special Ed! What's up?" he answered casually.
"Jake,love who is this strange looking boy?" Emma questioned while staring at Ricky with disgust in her eyes.
"Love? You got yourself a girlfriend man! And she hot too! Wow." Ricky said.
Emma blushed a deep red.
" Hi,i'm Emma pleased to meet you." Emma said trying to cover up her discussed with cuteness.
" Well,Emma that's a cute name,suits you well. I am shocked Jacob has a girlfriend so sexy and hot such as yourself. I'm Ricky by the way." Ricky said with a smile.
Wow,and I thought Emma was blushing before! She looked like an overripe Tomato.
"Look Ricky,I'm really happy to see you but,I would appreciate it if you stopped hitting on my girlfriend." I said Annoyed.
Ricky backed up a little,surprised with my attitude. While Emma simply pecked me on the cheek once and returned to my bed.
"Look,Jake. I just came here to make sure you were doing okay. I saw all those missing flyers with your face on them and when I found out you were back I just wanted to stop by and make sure everything was okay." He said calmly.
"Well,Ricky I appreciate you coming to check on me. I really do. And I am doing just fine. Thank you for stopping by to check on me." I answered nicely.
"Great! Will I be seeing you in school next week?" Ricky questioned.
I looked back at Emma then nodded. A confused expression fell over her face. Then I turned back to Ricky and said," See you there".
Then,Ricky turned away and started walking down the hall towards the stairs. Then,I closed my door and walked over to Emma. She looked at me and asked
"We are going to school with you now" she asked with hope in her voice.
" Yep. But,don't worry." I said while grabbing her hand and squeezing it slightly.
"We can handle i t... Together" I finished as I planted a kiss on the Emma's hand.
And that's it for Chapter two! Sorry it was so short,but the next chapter will be longer! I will post a few times before Monday so stay tuned. Thanks! - Anna

"Yeah. Together."
Emma said lovingly while kissing my hand also. I was so excited that we would get to go to school soon. I never was the biggest fan of school,but I definitely did not hate it. And,I have a feeling that Emma and the rest of the peculiars will feel the same way.
" Are you excited to go to school?" I asked Emma
"YES! I am very excited,but what if another girl there is prettier than me,or taller,or smarter. You will leave me for her. I am really nervous that you will fall for someone else." Emma admitted shamefully.
" Emma,I would never leave you. I love you so much and there is no one who will ever change that. Besides,then I will have no future Mrs. Emma Portman now will I?" I said sarcastically.
" Jake,I love you too. And,if you did leave me for another girl,I would never be able to say I was Mrs. Emma Portman. I love the way that sounds. But,if or when we get married. Wouldn't Miss Peregrine and your parents hate us." Emma questioned worried.
" Honey,One Miss Peregrine would never hate us because we got married,Two,when we get married not if,and three my parents won't hate us didn't you see how happy my dad was when he found out that we were dating,and my mom she just needs a bit more time but she will come around." I answered reassuringly.
Emma stood up and came over to me and sat on my lap. She kissed me lightly on the lips than said " Thank you Jake"
"Of course,anything for my Emma" I said while grabbing her hand and lightly squeezing it.
"Well we should get some sleep,we have to get prepare for school tomorrow." Emma said.
I simply nodded and lead her over to my bed. We then laid down,me holding her in my arms delicately while we drifted off to sleep.
When I woke up I found Emma was no longer in bed with me and she was sitting in a chair in front of my window. Simply looking out at the street below.
" Hey,Em what ya doing?" I questioned curiously.
"Just trying to imagine what is was like for you growing up here." Emma replied.
"This may seem a bit selfish or something but,can we go visit your grandfather's grave today." Emma finished.
I was suddenly depressed at the thought of my grandfather. But,I had not gone to my grampas grave in a while and I think my visit is overdue anyway.
" If you really want to,I guess we can go visit him. We can just tell the other kids that we are going to run some errands so they don't get suspicious." I said.
Emma grinned and walked over to the door and opened i,looked into the hall and said
" Well what are we doing here then,I am starving and I think nice meal is long overdue." Emma said while staring at me.
I laughed,then took her hand and lead her downstairs to the kitchen where I poured Emma and I each a bowl of 'Fruit Loops' thinking she might like to try them. Then gave Emma her bowl and sat on the couch with her snuggled up against me just enjoying the morning as a happy couple.

Hey guys! I am so sorry I haven't been updating lately. I have been really busy with school and I broke my foot,and then I had dance and things. Please forgive me. I will be updating more often now. Jake's POV
I took a bite of my 'Fruit loops' when I suddenly here a gasp from Emma. I look at her quickly thinking something is wrong but I see a look of astonishment and then hear,
"This is the best thing I have ever eaten!" come from Emma with her mouth full.
"You just wait until you find out what we are having for dinner babe"
" What are we having?" Asks Emma.
" It's called Pizza,trust me you will love it" I say.
" Okay whatever you say love" Emma answers.
Then she kisses me passionately. So,I quickly break the kiss and take Emma and I's bowls of cereal and put them on the coffee table at our feet and continue kissing. Emma sweeps her tongue on my bottom lip asking for Entrance. I quickly let her in as her tongue started exploring my mouth. And then,I hear a voice with a hint of a scottish accent yell
" Get a room"... Enoch.
We quickly pull apart and look at Enoch. He has a look on his face that is half disgust and half 'I am so going to tell Miss. P what you were doing'. I look and Enoch,then at Emma,then bac at Enoch and say,
" Please don't tell Miss. P Enoch please,please don't." I beg.
As if on cue we hear a woman's voice with a hint of welsh in ask,
" Please don't tell me what"... Of course it just had to be Miss. Pereigrine. But,before I can tell her it was nothing Enoch answers,
" Emma and Jake just can't seem to keep their tongues to themselves,that's all." Enoch says.
As Enoch says this I quickly feel my cheeks heating up and know I am blushing,I steal a quick glance at Emma and see that she has the same Cherry red tint to her cheeks as I have.
" Mr. Portman,Miss. Bloom is this true?" Miss. Peregrine asks astonished.
" Yes,but I love him very,very much and I was just trying to show the amount of love I have for him" Emma answers embarrassed.
"Well then Miss. Bloom I suggest that you keep you acts of affection for more private places,not the middle of the living room where all of my wards can see you,Miss. Bloom. Or should I say Future Mrs. Emma Portman.
And that's when all Hell breaks loose.
Thank you guys so much for reading my fanfiction so far. I hope you enjoyed this chapter and stay tuned for my next chapter that I will be posting probably tomorrow night. Thanks!

Hey guys! I really hope that you are enjoying this fanfiction. I am going to be posting two chapters tonight so stay tuned. Please leave a review because I really appreciate when I receive them. Okay,now why are you still reading this,read the chapter! 
Jake's POV
And that's when all hell breaks loose.
The first thing that happens is Emma and I blush so deep red you could mistake us for tomatoes. Then,Enoch starts laughing so much you would think he was given laughing gas. Then,Miss peregrine just sits there with a look that says 'This conversation isn't over young man'. I look over at Emma and see her staring at me with a look of horror written on her face. I make a split second decision and grab the car keys to my mom's jeep that are on the counter,grab my wallet and stuff it in my pocket,then grab Emma's hand and run to the car.
" Wow" Emma chokes out.
"That was quite something" she finishes.
"Tell me about it" I say as I start.
Just as I pull out the driveway I hear Emma ask,
"Where are we going"
"We are going to buy some new clothes,hairbrushes,toothbrushes,toothpaste,deodorant,stuff like that for you and everyone else." I answer.
" And maybe a toy or two for the little ones" I finish.
" That's great! I love the way future clothes look" Emma states excitedly.
" But…" I start
" It will be quite difficult to find clothes that will go with those lead shoes of yours." I finish while directing to Emma shoes.
" Yeah,but we will find a way to make it work" Emma states.
"Well,then we better start thinking because we are here." I say as we pull into the parking lot.
We exit the car and start walking into the store. I took her to 'Target' because I figured we can get all the essentials here as well as clothes and toys. Plus,this store is about as modern as it gets.
First,I lead Emma over to the cosmetics. I pick up five pink toothbrushes for Emma,Olive,Bronwyn,Claire,and Miss Peregrine and four blue toothbrushes for Millard,Horace,Enoch and Hugh. I then picked up nine packets of toothpaste. I also picked up Five red hair brushes for the girls and four green hair brushes for the boys. I got three packs of Flower scented deodorant for the older girls ( Emma,Olive,and Miss Peregrine),And four packs of deodorant for the boys ( I figured there all old enough to wear it). Then,I decided to get hem each box of candy because I figured they had never had it before. I picked up nine boxes of mike and ikes and then left to the clothing section.
Once we got to the clothing section I went for the girls first. I decided to get them all three outfits,and one pair of shoes. I told Emma to pick out three outfits for herself then pick out three outfits for the other girls,and then three for Miss. Peregrine.
For Emma's three outfits she picked as her first outfit a pair of tight black leggings,a bright purple crop top that ended just below her bellybutton,and a pink sweatshirt. For her second outfit she picked a pair of denim short shorts that ended just below her butt,and a black loose tank top that said '#Blessed'. And for her final outfit she picked a white dress with black daisies all over it that ended just shy of her knees,and some white shorts to wear under it.
For Olive's three outfits Emma picked a pair of denim shorts that ended about two and a half inches above her knees,and a white shirt that said ' Dream,believe,achieve' in bright orange writing. For her second outfit Emma picked a loose black dress that was covered in sequins on the bottom half,and some black shorts to go underneath it. And for her third outfit Emma picked a pair of black leggings,and a plain white loose fitting shirt with pretty patterns sewn into it.
For Bronwyn's three outfits Emma picked a pair of high waisted jeans,and a shirt that said ' What doesn't kill you makes you stronger' ( No pun intended). For her second outfit she picked a baby blue dress that was tight on the top and loose and flowy at the bottom,and some white shorts to go under it. And for her third outfit she picked a pair of black leggings,with a bright orange athletic top.
For Claire's three outfits Emma picked a Bright pink shirt that said ' Glitter is my favorite color",and a pair of tight leggings with gummy bears all over it. For her second outfit she picked a purple dress that cut off just above her knees,and a pair of blue shorts to go underneath. Then,for her third outfit she picked a plain baby blue shirt,with a pair of blue jeans,and a pink sweatshirt that said ' I am not small,I am fun sized'.
For Miss Peregrine's three outfits Emma picked a loose black floor length skirt,with dark blue frilly top. For her second outfit she picked a pair of blue jeans,and a black shirt,with a gray sweater. And for her third outfit she picked a pair of dark grey capri pants,and a white shirt.
She then picked up a pack of underwear for all of them,a pair of socks for all of them,and a bra for the older girls. She then picked out a pair of fancy pink flats for Claire,a pair of Adidas sneakers for Bronwyn,a pair of white converse for herself,a pair of red ankle high boots for Olive,and a pair of bash sandals for Miss. Peregrine.
Then we made our way to the boys section. I decided to get the boys two outfits each instead of two because boys are more plain and don't require as many choices as girls do.
For Horace's two outfits I got him a dark blue button down shirt,with a pair of blue jeans. For his second outfit I got him a t-shirt with a sunrise on it,and a pair of blue jeans,and a gray jacket.
For Enoch's two outfits I got him a t-shirt with the band 'the grateful dead' (No pun intended) writen on it,and a pair of blue jeans. And for his second outfit I got him a very dark gray button down,and a pair of blue jeans,and a black jacket.
For Hugh's two outfits I got him a yellow shirt with the words 'God save the bees' written on it,and a pair of blue jeans. And for his second outfit I got him a yellow athletic shirt,with a pair of black athletic shorts and a gray and white jacket.
For Millard's two outfits I got him a dark blue t-shirt,with a blue sweater,and a pair of blue jeans. And for his second outfit I got him a white button down shirt,and a brown hat.
I then got them all a pack of boxers,and a pack of white socks each. Then,I got Horace a pair of black,shiny dress shoes,I got Enoch a pair of black converse sneakers,for hugh I got him a pair of white vans,and for Millard I got him a pair of gray and white gym shoes.
After we through all this stuff into the cart we made our way to the toy aisle. I decided to get Claire a pink,fluffy teddy bear. I thought she would enjoy hugging it. I also got bronwyn a beautiful doll wearing a long,fluffy blue dress and had long brown hair. I decided to get Millard a few books such as the dictionary so he could learn the new words from our time. I pilled them all into our cart and payed. I then got into the car. We would be making one last stop on this trip.
Okay guys! I really hope you enjoyed this chapter becaue I enjoyed writting it!

I am so super duper excited for this chapter! Please start reading!
Jake's POV
We will be making one more stop on this trip.
I decided that I would be getting all of the peculiars phones. Well,the ones who are old enough to have phones. The rest I decided I would get iPods so they can't call but they don't feel left out and we can still text. I just pulled into the sprint parking lot and got out and walked into the store.
I decided I would be getting Miss Peregrine,Emma,Enoch,Millard,Horace,and Olive phones. And the rest I would get iPods. I went up to the shelf and picked up four iPhone 6s's and then whatever the latest version of the iPod was off the shelfs. I then went over and got cases for them all with the first letter of everyone's name on the case. The girls got yellow cases with their first initial in glitter. And that boys got a blue case with their first initial in cool designs.
I went up to the cashier and purchased all of the phones. I then went to my car and set up all of the phones and iPods and then put them in their cases.
I then started to drive home,but got interupted by Emma telling me to pull into a parking lot off the side of the road. I did what I was told and Emma immediately crashed her lip into mine and said
"Thank you Jake,thank you for getting all this stuff and making such an effort to make us feel welcome and make us fit in with your time. I am really enjoying it." Emma said.
" Of course Emma. I love you so much. I love the others like brothers and sisters. Obviously not you or I would have never just kissed you because if I did love you like a sister that would be really awkward making out with my sister. I am pretty sure that's illegal and I don't want to break the law" I stopped talking when I realized I was rambling. Emma must have noticed to because she was lightly laughing. She then kissed me one last time and I continued to make our way home.
I was thinking that when we got home I would ask if they wanted to go to something that would make them prettier but would kinda hurt. I wanted to ask all the girls if they wanted me to take them to get there ears pierced later today. I hope they say yes I think they will all look so pretty.
I was broken from my thought because we were pulling into the driveway of my house. Emma and I grabbed all the bags and made our way into the house where we say all the kids sitting in the living room and Miss. Peregrine in bird form birching on Enoch's shoulder. As soon as all the kids spotted us Miss. Peregrine got of Enoch's shoulder and turned back into a human. She then said
" Miss Bloom,Mr. Portman where did you go I was worried sick!" she finished looking relieved
"We just went shopping and bought everyone toothbrushes,toothpaste,hair brushes thing like that. We also got clothes,and phones for everyone!" Emma said happily.
As soon as everyone heard they all cheered as we handed them all the bags containing their things. As soon as people opened their bags we heard gasps of joy as they looked through their new possessions. Even Miss. Peregrine seemed pleased with the things she had received.
" That was incredibly nice of you Mr. Portman,and Miss. Bloom to get us these things. We all are greatly thankful." Miss Peregrine said.
" Of course. If there is anything else you need please just let me know" I answered sweetly.
" There was one more thing I wanted to do with the girls" I told Emma.
" And what's that?" Emma asked.
"You,and all the girls should go get your ears pierced." I answered.
As soon as Emma heard that she jumped up in excitement. Pulling me up with her and practically screamed.
" That's the best Idea you have ever had let's go do it now!" Emma squealed.
"What is so exciting Emma?" Claire asked.
" Jake said that he would take us girls to go get out ears pierced if we wanted!" Emma screamed at her joyfully.
And with that all the girls started jumping up and down screaming and asking me to take them to get there ears pierced.
" Why,I think that's a splendid idea Jake. In fact why don't you take them right now. I will have lunch ready for the time you get back." Miss. Peregrine said.
" Okay,I guess if you guys really want it that badly" I said.
They all ran into the car except Emma who seemed to calm down a bit she just grabbed my hand and lead me to the car. She then got in the passenger seat after checking that all the little ones had put their seatbelts on and then I started to drive to Claire's.
One we arrived there I told Claire that we were at Claire's and that they named it after her and she seemed very pleased.
Once we got in there I told the lady working there that all of the girls had come to get there ears pierced. The first to go was bronwyn who picked some gold studs to get put in then barely winced when the pierced it. Then,Emma went who picked some
diamonds to get put in when she was pierced. She looked like she was uncomfortable when they pierced her ears but it didn't look like it hurt. Then Olive went. She made no sign of any discomfort or pain when they did it you would have thought she was just eating a meal or something.
The last was Claire. Claire looked extremely nervous. While they were cleaning her ears to get ready to pierce Claire looked at me and said,
" Jake I am scared. What if it hurts?" She said with a shaky voice.
" Oh,Claire don't be scared. My mommy got hers done a long time ago and she said it just felt like a little pinch and then it was done. She said it was quick and she really likes it because now she can wear pretty earrings." I said in a comforting voice.
" Are they going to do it soon" Claire asked me.
" In a minute" I answered.
"Jake,?" Claire asked me.
" Yes sweetheart" I answered
" Can I hold your hand?" Claire asked in a shaky voice.
" Of course you can sweetie" I answered immediately.
I then extended my hand for Claire to grab. She took it and then closed her eyes.
" Are you ready?" The woman who was piercing her ears asked.
" I think so…" Claire answered.
" Okay," the lady answered
" 1,2,3"
I could tell when it went through Claire's ears because she squeezed my hand very tight and started crying. I could tell it hurt her a lot. I assumed it was because she was younger. Once they put the earrings in I immediately picked up Claire and started comforting her
" Honey,what wrong?" I asked.
" I...I...It… H… Hu...hurt" Claire answered still crying.
" I know honey." I said
" Is there anything I can do to make you feel better" I asked.
" I just want to go home" Claire answered.
So,I carried her to the car,Emma,Bronwyn,and Olive following closely behind. And walked to the car.
