Hello! And welcome to my obsession! That is this book series. THERE'S GOING TO BE MORE BOOKS GUYS! I... JUST... *heavy breathing* AHHHHHH! 
Now as to regards to this fanfiction story;I am in LOVE with this series. It is just so freaking good! The movie was... good... ish... I won't bring that subject up,because I'll start ranting. *cough book Emma could kick movie Emma's ass any day of the week cough* 
But yeah... sorry this chapter is long. I've had ideas for this story since the second I finished reading Library of Souls,which is when this story takes place by the way,like a week after Library of Souls ended. 
SO if you have NOT read the books:first off,what is wrong with you? There amazing,you must read them. And second,I'm going to try my best not to spoil anyone that hasn't read the books,but its good if you read all three books because I'm going to try to stick true to them,and have references to stuff that only Miss P fans will be able to spot right away. (no promises on that though lol) Taking some other genius's characters and writing them yourself is very tricky (so I don't blame Tim too much... but still. SHAME MR. BURTON) but I will try to stick to their original personality the best I can.
This story will have three parts to it,or so my plan is. And this is part 1,named Everything is Loop. So please review,tell me what you think. This is my second fanfiction story,so I would like to believe that I know what I'm doing. 
For those of you that read the random poem I wrote in regards to this story,thank you! That will make sense later as this story progresses,but it might be awhile. 
For now I will shut up,and hope that you enjoy!
We Have Time:
Part 1;Everything is a Loop
Chapter 1
I ran down the hill,through the forest fast as my legs would take me. "Guys slow down!" I heard Horace say from the back. I continued to run,seeing a town on the horizon. It came into view,just down the hill. I saw the Academy cascading towards the sky in the distance. The others shuffled around me,out of breath from running so much.
"We made it." I panted.
There was a lot of people out,some were minding their own business,some were staring at us with curious glances. I bolted down the hill to talk to them.
"Jacob wait!" I heard Emma shout behind me.
I didn't stop,I kept racing towards the ring of people. They were all looking at me like I was some mad man as I raced into the town and stopped. Looking in all their eyes. They formed a circle around me,caging me in their trap.
"Help us!" I demanded,out of breath. They looked at me with confused faces,and advanced forward,shielding me in. I looked around frantically at all of them. "Please! Help us!" I pleaded with them—nothing,they didn't say a word. "Our Ymbryne was kidnapped again,and..." I stopped out of breath,feeling worried and scared. Just as quickly as it came,my fear turned to anger. Why were these people ignoring me? My Ymbryne was gone,taken,maybe hurt,maybe dying,and they didn't even care! The towns people kept advancing on me. "Help us,please!" I shouted and shoved the first person I saw. He was a middle-aged man,with grey hair—he reminded me of Grandpa. He gave me a look of disgust and shoved me back.
The people kept advancing on me,looking angry and hateful now—not confused anymore. Some of them had weapons—guns and knives. They looked like they wanted to hurt me,or kill me. Did they know what I was? Were they racist towards Peculiars?
"You killed him" a voice said in the crowd. I turned around and saw a little girl,maybe ten years old. "You killed him and you let the other one die. You're a monster,we don't want you in our town."
"What?" I asked confused.
"You just let him die." Another voice said to my right. It was an older woman.
"You let him die." The person next to her repeated.
"He said he was sorry,and I you just left him there." A man said,glaring at me.
"I don't know what you're talking about?" I said. But I did,there was a small voice in the back of my head yelling Bentham,their talking about Bentham and the memory came back to me for a split second.
"And you killed the other one!" A little boy screamed. I looked at him confused.
"You killed him!" A woman shouted. "You're a murderer!"
"Monster!" More people shouted at me. "Murderer! Monster! Get out!"
I looked around at all of them frantically confused,frantically scared. And then I saw him,walking through the back of the crowd,into the ring they had formed.
Abraham Portman stopped in the middle of the ring,right across from me,looking me in the eyes. "What have you done Yakob?"
I looked back at him,tears forming on my face.
The people in the crowd grew silent,like they weren't even there.
"You killed someone."
"He was a Wight!" I screamed. "I was avenging you…"
He shook his head in disbelief.
"Grandpa please!" I pleaded,tears falling down my cheeks. That small voice in the back of my head didn't need to help me remember. The memory of shooting Golan in the head is with me every day,every-time I close my eyes I see it. His blood. His body falling over the railing.
"I thought you were better than I was. I thought you were stronger. I guess I was wrong." Grandpa said. And he turned away from me leaving the crowd.
"No Grandpa wait!" I screamed,but he was gone. "Grandpa!" I sank to my knees in the dirt.
"You murderer!" The people shouted at me. Some of them came up and they started kicking me. "Monster! Get out of our town! Get out!" I laid there and let them kick me. I didn't have to strength the fight back.
"Jacob,wake up." A girl said behind me. She put her hand on my shoulder and lightly shook me with strong arms. "Jacob,come on get up,we have to keep moving." I turned to face her. Looking in her kind brown eyes,her mousy brown hair hung like curtain drapes on each side of her face. "Jacob wake up." She said again.
My eyes shot open,only to be closed again as the morning sun blinded me. My skin felt sticky with sweat. I looked up groggily,the sun hurting my eyes. "Jacob come on." Bronwyn said. I nodded and sat up.
I stood up,brushing the dirt off my pants. The others we're all milling around,getting everything ready for our journey today. I ate a granola bar and drank some water for my breakfast,then hosted my backpack—ready to go.
Our camp site was on a small hill. In front of us was the swampy area the children came in through;the loop they found to get to my house. And we were heading back through there. Behind me was the home I was leaving behind... again,probably for good this time. I stood there staring behind. My parents we're probably already up looking for me. I left them a note,but what good would that do? They'll probably think that Miss Peregrine kidnapped me or something.
"Hey,you okay?" Emma said,appearing next to me.
"Just looking behind. Saying a silent a goodbye."
She grabbed my hand.
"Do we even know where this Academy is? Or when it is?" I asked.
"We have a map." She said unsure. "Miss Peregrine wanted us to go there for some reason."
The Academy,or the Peculiar Academy if you will,is apparently a place where all the Ymbyrnes and Peculiars are being held now. Till they rebuild some loops,I'm guessing. We found a map leading to it back at my house along with Miss P's things. We think that she was planning to lead us there. Wherever she is now? She disappeared and we took the map and left.
"We'll find her again." Emma said. Always the confident one. "She's probably waiting for us down there."
"She just left though." I said. I remembered,just a day ago,she was standing outside in my backyard and said she wanted to talk to me. And then she leaves,turns into a bird and flies beyond the clouds;leaving me,a very confused teenage boy,standing in my yard staring off into the distance. She didn't return all night. We found this map she set down on the table in my kitchen,and set out from my house early in the morning hoping to find her where this map leads.
"We'll find her." Emma said again squeezing my hand.
"Love birds! Come on!" Enoch shouted at us. I let go of Emma's hand,gave her a quick peck on the lips,and raced down to join the others. Emma remained standing there,blushing furiously at my back before following me down.
We walked for two miles,reached the swamp,and successfully passed through the loop. I went first leading the way. As was instructed in Miss P's handwriting on the back of the map,the Academy is in modern times apparently. Passing through the loop,I saw a light ripple in the sky and the rush of blood flowing in my ears signifying that we passed through successfully. Every loop must do this,though I've never realized it until now,the ripple in the sky at least—that's new.
Another odd thing:we weren't standing in Bentham's home,but an open field meadow that seemed to stretch on for miles.
"Is this right?" Hugh asked.
"I believe so…?" Millard said unsure. He stared down at the map. "It said for Jacob to pass through first so this should be right."
We walked for hours.
Bees kept flying towards us to stick to Hugh,or buzz around his head.
Being in the middle of nowhere,and knowing that there was nothing after us,we all started to get bored. Some of us desperate for entertainment.
Enoch picked up a pebble and threw it at Horace's head.
"Ow! What was that for?" Horace spun around demanding.
"Nothing. Just thought it would amuse me." Enoch said.
Another few hours went by,and the sun was starting to set.
Olive kept seeing something off to the side that would catch her eye. But the second she would start to wonder off our path Emma would grab her hand pulling her back into place beside her.
Bronwyn held up the rear,carrying some of our bags.
"How much farther?" Olive complained.
"Almost there." Millard said from the front.
"We've passed that tree before. And I recognize the same bees. We're going in circles." Hugh said after another thirty minutes of walking.
"We stayed in a straight line though." I said.
"Yeah,Hugh are you sure those bees didn't just follow you and that's why you saw them twice." Emma said.
"No. I'm pretty sure we're lost." He complained.
We gathered around each other. The shape of Millard's head under his cap stayed fixed on the map. "No... No?" He said.
"Do you even know where we are?" Hugh asked him.
"Of course," Millard stated,lifting his head up.
"Then where are we?" Hugh demanded.
"We're right here." Millard said pointing to a spot on the map that of course none of us could see.
"We can't see that Mill." Emma said.
He picked up a twig off the ground. "We're right here." He pointed it at the map.
"And where do we need to be?" Hugh asked.
"Over here somewhere…" Millard said,tracing a circle with the stick. "I think?"
"You think?" Hugh demanded.
"Well yeah,I mean..." Millard protested.
"Hugh calm down." Emma said.
"We can't afford to get lost okay,Miss Peregrine is out there!" Hugh shouted.
"And we're going to find her." Emma said calmly.
"You know what? I bet anything she's back there at Jacob's place and we never should have even left." He said.
"I thought she got kidnapped again?" Olive asked.
"No,what did you say Jake? That she just left,saying she'll be right back." Hugh asked me.
"Yeah,but she didn't come back. That night at least." I said.
"Well what if it took her a long time? What if she's back there right now? And we're the ones who just wondered off."
"Are you saying we should go back?" Horace asked.
"I'm just wondering why she left? If it's so important that she would have to abandon us,why wouldn't she quickly come back?"
"Because she got kidnapped,something bad happened again! The Wights are still out there,we didn't beat all of them!" Olive shouted,stomping her little foot.
"Let's just go to the Academy." Emma said.
"How? We can't even find it?!" Hugh snapped.
"We're not lost." Millard said. "But I think we do deserve a break." He said referring to Hugh.
"No I don't want a break;we need to keep moving!" Hugh shouted.
"Are you okay?" Millard asked looking at him.
"I'm fine,let's just keep moving."
"No. I'm tired." Olive complained.
"And hungry." Claire spoke up.
"NO I HAVE TO FIND HER!"
We stared at Hugh,surprised by his outburst.
"Sorry,I just… ugh!" Hugh groaned running his fingers threw his hair in aggravation.
"Just what? What's wrong Hugh?" Bronwyn asked.
"Oh,he's just upset that he can't explore the entire world looking for his dead girlfriend." Enoch said.
Silence. Stunned silence. We all looked at each other unsure of what to say now. The silence dragged on for what felt like an eternity until Hugh's fist collided with Enoch's jaw. Enoch fell to the ground and Hugh tackled him,springing all of us into action.
Hugh held Enoch down,opened his mouth and let the bees come out,stinging Enoch all over. Millard,Horace,Olive,and Emma tried desperately to pull Hugh off Enoch. Getting stung by a bee in the process Emma gave up and stepped back. She looked at me and I quickly wiped the huge smirk off my face. Hey,Enoch deserved it in my opinion.
"Hugh stop! Let him go!" Bronwyn said coming over and simply pulling Hugh into to air like he was a sack of potatoes and then dropped him on the ground. "Enough! Stop fighting!" She chided at both.
"Like I said,let's take a break." Millard said.
After an hour break we started moving again. Millard in the lead staring down at the map,Enoch behind him,pulling stingers out of his arm and casting glares at Hugh every now and then. Hugh stayed in the back walking alongside Bronwyn. They seemed to be deep in conversation,though I couldn't hear what they were talking about.
Emma kept staring at me funny. "What?" I asked her.
"I couldn't help noticing your eagerness to do nothing back there." She said sarcastically.
"He deserved it." I mumbled.
Emma started chuckling quietly.
"You do not bring up Fiona like that. It was uncalled for."
"I agree."
"Yep. We're on the right path,I know it." Millard said.
"You positive?" Enoch asked him sarcastically.
"Yes."
The sun started to set,turning the blue in the sky to a dark orange. Claire suddenly stopped moving and sat down on the grass,exhausted.
"Stop." Bronwyn shouted.
The rest of the children groaned in unison. "We can't afford anymore stops." Millard said holding up the twig.
"Well too bad. Claire needs to rest." Bronwyn said.
I agreed with Millard,I need to keep moving,I wanted to keep moving. So,I walked over to Claire,bent down,and picked her up,carrying her on my hip. "Millard. Onward."
With a wave of the twig,that I'm assuming was supposed to be a thumb up,we turned around and marched on.
"You just try to get some sleep,okay?" I said to Claire. She rested her head on my shoulder in reply. I noticed Emma smiling at me,causing me to blush.
The dark orange color of the sky turned to black with sparkling stars,and the endless fields of tall grass now had a small cave sitting in the center. The small heavy breaths I hear puffing out of Claire told me that she was sound asleep,and drool,from the back,trickled down my arm. We stood huddled up at the entrance of the cave.
"If my map reading skills are correct,and I'm sure they are,the Academy Loop entrance should be right beyond this cave." Millard said quite proud of himself,ignoring Enoch's eye rolls.
"I don't want to go in there it's too dark." Olive whined.
"Since when are you afraid of the dark,little dove?" Emma said to her,igniting her hand—lighting our way.
"Not when I'm with you." Olive said hugging her.
The cave was cold,musky,and making me drowsy. It was my turn to hold the rear,feeling too sluggish to walk faster. Bronwyn was in front of me,and asked me,for the what felt like the thousandth time,if I wanted to pass Claire over to her. But I refused,not minding to hold the little girl while she slept. It only took a few minutes after entering the cave for everyone else to feel sluggish and exhausted.
"It shouldn't take long. We're almost there." Millard kept saying.
"Didn't you say that three hours ago," Hugh asked him sarcastically.
"This time we really are going in circles." Horace complained.
"We're not lost. We're not lost. I know exactly where we are." Millard kept saying staring at the map. My eyes started to droop. I stared at the dust and rocks that I was walking on,wondering which ones I'll collapse on.
Out of nowhere my head shot up,eyes opened wide—that sickening tug I know so well surged through my body. Light at first,then it grew. Hollow. One. Nearby.
"STOP! Stop!" I shouted.
Claire gasped awake. I handed her over to Hugh and walked past all my friends who had frozen in place,looking at me for help.
"How close am I to it?" Millard asked me.
"You're not. It's around the corner."
I peeked around the wall of rock into a tunnel of complete darkness. I looked back at my friends. "Stay." I commanded and stepped into the darkness.
"What are we his dogs?" I heard Enoch say.
"You'll be able to tell if there's one behind us,too right?" Horace shouted.
I leaped down a ledge squinting my eyes in the dark. It was further on down. I heard someone else leaping down from the ledge. Annoyed for only a second I turned around,knowing who it was. Even in the dark I could make out her brown eyes and wavy golden hair.
"What are you doing? I said stay back." I said calmly.
"I'm coming with you." She said.
"Thank you,but I can handle this."
"But you don't have a light." She said waving her flaming fingers in front of me.
I pulled my phone out of my pocket and turned on the flashlight. She shook her head at it and I trudged forward,not surprised to hear her following me.
"My light is better." She whispered.
A bright smile crept to my lips. "True. But the Hollows can't sense this one."
"I'm sure they'll be able to see it just the same."
I turned around and faced her. "Please go back Em,I got this."
"No," she simply said.
"I don't want you getting hurt." I said pathetically.
"I can take care of myself just fine thank you."
"Right,so go back and protect the others."
She sighed in annoyance. I tried to get her to turn back again but she cut me off. "You can say whatever you like Jacob,I still won't turn around as you've noticed thus far."
"I love your voice."
"Flattery will not work either."
"Whatever you say bae." I was certain that would put her off guard.
"Why don't you just dispose of the beast so that we can both go back."
"Okay sexy hot head." I grinned.
"You're lucky you're cute." She said looking at me,purposely holding the flame of her skin closer to my face.
Gggaaarrrr…
"Duty calls." I said turning down a path to the right,out of sight from Emma. I stumbled onto it,literally. It was chilling against the wall of the cave more surprised to see me than I was to see it.
It only took seconds for the confusion on its face to melt,and the hunger to appear. It lashed at me—with its body,not it's tongues. I quickly dodged out of the way.
Stop. Get down. I said but it came out as English. Damn. I was rusty. It lunged at me again,this time with the tongues. I grabbed one in my hand,slamming it into the rock.
Get back. Get back. English again.
I quickly side-stepped around it,dodged another attack of tongues—dancing a deadly dance with the beast.
Gggeeeerrrrrr! It roared,which I assumed meant;shut up,and hold still so I can chomp your face. 
"Jacob!" I heard Emma scream. The seconds it took me to look away to see where Emma was,I got pinned to the ground. The jaw unhinged and it looked like the tongues were coming for me eyes.
Get off me! I shouted in Hollow language.
Just as quickly as it pinned me down,it got back up. I got up and thrusted my hand out towards it where an invisible force pushed it into the wall. I had my stuff back! But the Hollow glared at me,not wanting to be controlled.
I stared into its vacant eyes and the urge to kill it wasn't there—now that I had it under my control. Do you know the way out of this cave? 
Don't ask me why I thought trying to speak with it would be a good idea. I don't know why I did it myself. I don't think Hollows are even capable of communication? I've never tried,before now.
It continued to glare at me. But I could tell it was thinking along with fighting from my grasp.
I tried it again… just cause. Do you know the way out of this cave? Academy?
It cocked its head to the side,it's lips curling into a snarl. I knew it was understanding what I was saying. I don't know how,but I could read the look on its face saying;what's in it for me? 
Show me and my friends the way out of this cave. To the Academy. And I will give you what you want.
I waited.
For what?
I don't know.
Just when I was about to lure it farther into the trance,pick up a rock,and kill it…
Give me my reward now,and I'll do as you ask. 
I stared at the Hollow in disbelief. It spoke to me. It's Hollow language accent sounding like mine,but raspier,like it was parched.
If you harm me or my friends. I will rip out your tongues and hang you with them. I spoke back to it.
It nodded in understanding.
I slid my palm across the rocky surface of the wall,cutting flesh. I swallowed and held my bloody palm out for the beast.
A single tongue uncurled from within its jaws. I winced in pain as the tip of the tongue dug into my cut palm,scooping up blood that I saw seeped into the flesh of the tongue like water on a sponge. After a few more tastes,it was satisfied,curling it's tongue out my hand and back into its mouth. I ripped a piece of fabric off my shirt and wrapped it around my hand.
This way. It said. And I followed.
Please,please,please review! Reviews cause me to write more haha!

Sorry. Sorry I took so long. Thank you to everyone who reviewed,and please keep reviewing I love seeing them,it warms my heart!:) Here is chapter 2 whooo! Hope you guys enjoy it.
I will remind everyone again:SPOILER ALERT! 
And I forgot to say this last chapter:Disclaimer;I do not own these characters Ransom Riggs does.
Everything is a Loop
Chapter 2
We stepped back over the ledge,where I left the others. To my relief,Emma was there with them.
"Jacob! Do something like that again,and I'll slap you across the face with my ignited palm." She chided to me.
"Understood." I said hugging her.
"Did you get rid of it?" Horace asked.
It stood off to the side of me,away from everyone else,staring at me. I actually forgot that the others couldn't see it,for a second. I quickly glanced at it,then to everyone else. "Let's rest for the night and head out tomorrow."
"Agreed." Millard said,collapsing onto the ground,as well did the others.
"Got anymore food Bronwyn?" Hugh asked.
I sat down with my friends,watching the beast,shooting it silent threats with my eyes—willing it to behave. It stared back at me,and quietly sat down as well—not removing its glare from me.
"You okay?" Emma said. I felt nervous,thinking she figured out that the Hollow was here with us. I didn't want the others to know,which I know won't work. How am I going to explain to them that I know the way out of this cave with something better than a map? The bigger the concern though;how can I even trust the Hollow to do what I asked?
"Jake… hello. You okay?"
I shook my head. "Yeah. Fine. Just tired."
"What did you do to your hand." Emma asked picking it up in hers,warming it gently.
"I accidently cut it on a rock,it's nothing."
Everyone began to lie down and fall asleep. I laid down as well,Emma position in the crook of my arm,her warm hand on my chest. Millard laid on the other side of me,I discovered,unless the dirt learned to yawn. It didn't take long to hear everyone's soft snores and deep breathing. I was comfortable—yet I couldn't sleep. It wasn't just the fact that my mind wouldn't stop rushing a thousand questions at once,nor the fact that I don't want another dream about my Grandpa (seriously,why do I keep having dreams about him,is he haunting me or something?),it was the beasts glare.
It sat there,leaned up against the wall,glaring.
Go to sleep. I mouthed.
It stared back.
Are you sleeping? 
No reply.
You better be sleeping.
I closed my eyes and tried to relax.
1 Mississippi. 2 Mississippi. I'm such as idiot! I can't fall asleep! That Hollow will kill all of us. Why did I think I could trust it? Stupid.
I opened my eyes and took a peek at it. It looks more relaxed,and the feeling in my gut told me that it fell asleep. Assuming we would be safe for now,I closed my eyes again.
That's right,go to sleep. Please don't kill us. 3 Mississippi. Please stay asleep,please behave. 4 Mississippi. I'm using my power right now,aren't I? That's why its cooperating? 5 Mississippi. What if the second I fall asleep,the chain will be broken,and it'll kill us? 6 Mississippi. It's all right,calm down. Get some sleep,you'll probably need all the strength you can get. 7 Mississippi. Millard stop breathing in my face! 8 Mississippi. I wonder where Miss Peregrine is? 9 Mississippi. I can't sleep.
I opened my eyes again. The Hollow was still there,chest slowly rising and falling. I heard a shuffle on the ground,and bent my head upward. Hugh was sitting away from everyone,watching.
I got up as gently as I could,to not wake Emma,quietly walked over to him,and sat down.
"Can't sleep either?" He asked,his voice sounding husky. I could tell he was exhausted,so the only reason he was awake is because his mind wouldn't relax either.
"I didn't want to sleep,I felt like someone needs to keep watch. You know,just in case." He said looking at me.
"Yeah."
"Enoch didn't get to you too,badly did he?" I asked after a while.
Hugh shook his head. "I can handle Enoch. Had plenty of experience with handling him."
"I don't think she's dead,Hugh."
I saw his jaw clench.
"She has to be out there somewhere." I continued.
"Thanks Jacob. That… that means a lot."
We were silent for long while,listening to the crickets chirping in the cave. I could feel the Hollow with that feeling in my gut,it was still relaxed—thank God. I thought about Hugh and Fiona,it was clear how much Hugh loved her. He had every right to punch Enoch in the face. And right now,I could tell how hard it is for him to sit here with us,knowing he wants nothing more than to set out and find her.
"Don't feel bad for me Jake." Hugh said suddenly breaking the silence.
"What? I don't."
"You're looking at me like I'm depressing or something."
"I'm just trying to… understand how you feel right now."
He looked at me confused.
"I know that you rather be out there searching for her."
"You're right." He took a shaky breath,running his fingers through his curly dark hair. Some bees swarmed out from the gesture.
"I love Miss Peregrine,I mean she saved me and Fiona's life. And I hate myself for thinking this,but… I rather be looking for Fiona than her. If I could choose to have either Fi in my life or Miss P. I'd choose Fi." Tears welled up in his eyes. "I'm sorry for saying that."
"No,I understand." I said awkwardly.
"I love her." Hugh continued. Tears quietly streaming down his face—his bees landed on them as if trying to wipe them away.
I swallowed the lump in my throat. "It's okay Hugh. I would feel the same way if it was Emma." And it was true. If I had to choose between Emma or Miss Peregrine,I'd make the same decision Hugh would,and choose the love of my life.
Hugh sniffled,and started standing up. "Well,if you're going to stay up,then I'll try and get some sleep."
"Yeah,go ahead." I said to him.
"Thanks mate," he said patting me on the shoulder.
I heard his footsteps shuffling away,then stopping to lie down. And then I was alone with my thoughts.
I sat there staring the cave ceiling,thinking. I thought about Emma,I thought about Miss Peregrine,where she may be,I thought about the Academy,what was there. Part of me wondered,what if it was a trap? I'm still curious to why my grandfather trusted Caul. Which of course led me to think about my grandfather,and the that dream I had the other night—seeing him,felt so real. How could that be?
Are you haunting Gramps? Yakob I have better things to do with my death,don't forget that Hollow sleeping under your nose.
I looked back at the beast. Same spot,same position,same easy breathing. That answered my question whether if Hollows sleep or not.
My eyes and head started to droop. This Hollow isn't a threat,and I could use some sleep.
"So,what do you do for fun around here?" Emma asked me smiling.
We were standing in my living room,the warm winds of Florida slapping the side of the house.
"Show us your modern stuff!" Olive squealed in excitement,hovering into the air to meet my eye level.
"Alright." I looked around the house,finding out what object I could explain about first.
"What's this?" Millard asked holding up a remote.
"That's a remote. It operates the television." I grabbed it,pointing it at the wide-flat screen,and push the power button. The dark screen flashed on,displaying the local news. "There was a robbery at a Walmart in Orlando today." The news reporter was saying.
"Woah…" they all sang in unison. Which made me grin.
"Jake." My dad called from the kitchen.
"Feel free the explore." I told everyone.
I walked into the kitchen,looking at my mom,dad,and Miss Peregrine.
"Yeah," I asked.
"We're going to go out for the day,wrap our heads around this." My dad said.
"Okay." I said.
"I assure you these children are all well behaved,nothing in your home will be damaged,I promise." Miss Peregrine assured my parents.
"Yeah,uh,enjoy." My mother said quickly shuffling out of the house with my dad.
I followed them out the back door. "If you could just give them a chance. I swear there surprisingly easy to fall in love with. Once you get to know them."
"We just need some time to think,Jake,okay?" My dad said.
"Okay."
I watched them get into the car and drive away. I was actually relieved that they would be out for the day. I smiled brightly walking back into my house.
Emma and Miss Peregrine stood in the doorway.
"Woah." I said almost running into them.
"Everything alright?" Emma asked."Yeah,fine. They're just going out for the afternoon,evening,maybe night… it's fine."
"Jacob?" Miss Peregrine began.
"No,really it's fine. I love that you're here."
"But do they?" Emma asked.
"They'll come around."
"Mmhm." Miss Peregrine said.
The children were everywhere in my house,checking out every room,asking millions of questions. It was adorable!
I walked into my bedroom,and found Horace standing in front of my closet,examining my clothing the way a judge would the performers in a show.
"Uh Horace?"
"This,is atrocious! This is what I'm doomed to now?"
"You don't have to wear them." I said.
"Is this the best you have? Really,I'm curious."
I opened a closet in the spare bedroom and pulled out a tuxedo.
"This is my church tux." I held it up to him. "The fanciest clothing I own."
"Hm." Was all he said.
"Well of course it's not as good as yours." I said to cheer him up.
"I've seen worse." He said simply.
Then a thought hit me. "Horace,I have to show you the mall! A lot of clothing stores. Want to go?"
His face lit up like a candle. "Of course,I want to go!"
We ran back downstairs. "Hey I'm taking Horace to the mall,you want to tag along?" I asked Emma.
"Love to." She said.
"I want to go too." Said Olive.
"Awesome." I said to them.
I found Millard in the den,sitting in an armchair reading my Harry Potter books. Yes books. I'm pretty sure he already finished the first one in an hour. "Hey we're going to the mall,you want in?"
He looked up from Chamber of Secrets. "Can I wear my clothes?"
"Uh no."
"Then I'll stay here." He said going back to reading.
"What house are you?" I asked smiling.
"Ravenclaw of course. Along with the other intellectuals. You?"
"I've taken quizzes and have gotten Slytherin,Hufflepuff more than once,but Pottermore told me I was Gryffindor. So I'll go with that."
"What is this Pottermore you speak of?"
"You can't see it until after you finish all seven books,now see you later."
"Okay,I'll probably finish them by time you get back." He said as I left the room.
"If you do,then you have another peculiarity other than being invisible." I said laughing.
"Having two peculiarities doesn't exist anymore." He said in a sing-song tone.
Anymore?
"Hugh. Want to come shopping with us?" Emma asked.
He was sitting in the living room,staring out the window,being a lot more quiet than usual. "Sure." He shrugged standing up and joining us.
Miss Peregrine was in the kitchen making cookies with Bronwyn and Claire. "Hey I'm taking Emma,Horace,Hugh,and Olive to the mall,that okay?"
"Just be careful. And don't stay out too long." Miss Peregrine said.
"We won't." I promised. I met everyone at the front door. "Ready?"
They all nodded their heads,muttering mmhm's
"And Olive claims to have lost her shoes so we might be on the news tonight." Emma told me smiling.
"Olive really?" I asked looking at her.
"I don't like wearing them." She simply stated.
We passed Enoch in my front yard. "Hey want to come to the mall with us?" I thought I should be nice and ask.
"Nah." Was all he said. "Actually,question."
"Yeah."
"Are there in small animal hearts I can take?" he asked me,dead serious.
I looked at him freaked out a little. "Uhhhh… there are lizards,they're hard to catch,but knock yourself out." I told him.
He nodded and walked away.
"Didn't your parents take the automobile?" Hugh asked.
"I usually just walk anyway,it's not that far." I said.
"Millard didn't want to come?" Emma asked.
"Nope. He's busy discovering one of the most popular books of this time-period."
"He didn't want to be naked,did he?" Hugh asked laughing.
"Yes,he didn't want to be naked." We all laughed.
"Afraid we'll embarrass you,Jake?" Hugh said grinning.
"No,not at all."
"So you wouldn't mind if I…" he let the bees out,having them swarm around us and stick all over him,like they did in the photo of him.
"Oh my okay." I said quickly looking around at my neighbor's houses.
"Or if I do this." Emma said igniting her hands.
We were all smiling and laughing playfully.
"What about this…" Olive said lifting into the air.
All of us quickly grabbed her—hearts racing and pulled her back down.
"It's all fun and games,till the little girl floats away." Hugh said.
"Guys come on,hurry up!" Horace shouted impatiently from ahead of us.
I woke up from my memory,looking up at the cave floor. Emma was curled up next to my chest again. Wait. Did she wake up and come over to me? I shook my head,confused. I'm certain it was just a dream,but the memory of the peculiar children being in my house felt so real. I sat up—a smile on my face. I'll take the fuzzy headed feeling—that day was the happiest in all my life.
Looking at my phone told me that it was morning. My expression turned from happy to serious,then to horror.
I looked behind me and noticed that my Hollow was nowhere in my sight.
This one was simple. (in my opinion lol) 
In the next chapter things are going to start getting serious!

So sorry for the wait,and as the great Rick Riordan said;"Sorry for the last cliff hanger,JK not really." it was something along those lines.
Anyway here's a very long chapter for you guys. I hope people are still reading this and that they are enjoying it! 
Disclaimer:the character's herein belong to Ransom Riggs,although one of them belongs to me,Alyssa Long. 
Warning:there is some bad words in this one.
Everything is a Loop
Chapter 3
Everyone was stirring awake,sitting up. Their adorable,peculiar,faces yawning and rubbing their eyes—unaware of the threat lurking under their noses.
The threat that I caused.
God! I'm such an idiot! Like I could trust a wild Hollow to sleep peacefully in the corner while we all slept? Come on Jacob!
I was standing up,frantically scanning every inch of the cave. The beast was nowhere in sight. What the hell! Where did it go? I couldn't sense it with my power at all. Maybe. . . maybe it left. Just woke up and decided not to help anymore and booked it away from me. I guess it's for the best.
"Hey. Something wrong?" Emma asked,putting her hand on my shoulder making me jump.
I spun around to face her. "What? No,I'm fine."
She looked at me quizzically. "Hm."
I went to pick up my backpack feeling her worried eyes on me the entire time.
After eating a light breakfast of hardly anything at all,we headed further into the cave. Millard leading us again with the map. As we walked;I was fully on edge—looking around the cave as we passed. Every stone,cave crawler,stalactite,and dirt.
Where was my Hollow?
This isn't cool! What if it's playing a game with us? Hunting us all in a way that I won't sense it until it's too late. Emma kept shooting me worry-filled glances,which didn't help me feel any better. On top of losing a Hollow I also lied to everyone about it.
We circled around in the cave for an hour. Just like yesterday,Millard was convincing himself more than us that we were not lost. We all knew we were lost. Caves are not this big.
"That's it! I'm calling it." He said turning around,facing us,lowering the map. "We're lost."
Olive and Claire's shoulders drooped.
"Well I could've told you that,you lousy lout." Enoch stated.
"Give me the map." Emma said walking up to Millard holding out her hand.
"What good will you do with it?"
She gave him a dangerous look,holding her hand up in front of him to signify the increase of its temperature.
"Okay,right,sorry. Here." Millard said handing over the map. Emma glanced at it,the floating Newsies cap of Millard looking over her shoulder. "See this is what confuses me—" he was saying. I zoned their conversation out,honing in on the inner Hollow sensing equipment that was my body.
Claire pull on Bronwyn's sleeve. "I'm going to the bathroom." Her little voice said walking off around the corner and Bronwyn turned to wait for her to come back.
"I don't even see the cave on this thing." Emma was saying turning the map at different angles.
"The cave is right there. The loop entrance to the Academy is on the other side,we just need to figure out how to get out of this cave."
"Which the map doesn't even tell us. Right?" Emma asked.
Millard ignored her,trying to grab the map from her.
Emma moved the map out of his reach. "Right?"
"Yes." Millard said in defeat. "We need another map for this cave which we don't have. It probably doesn't even exist. But I thought that this cave wouldn't be this hard to navigate through. I mean it's a cave."
"So what do we do?" Horace spoke.
"Try to get out of this damn cave,obviously." Emma said giving Millard the map. "Let's keep moving. We'll have to find a way out eventually."
"Come on Claire,we're getting ready to leave." Bronwyn called.
We all started moving onward again. Olive and Bronwyn standing in place waiting for Claire to come back.
"Claire." Bronwyn called again.
No answer.
"Now what." Emma complained.
"She said she had to use the bathroom." Bronwyn said.
"The girl weighs about 20 pounds,how much piss can she hold?" Enoch remarked.
"Go check on her Wyn." Emma said concerned.
"Claire! Let's go!" Olive shouted.
Still no answer.
We were all worried now.
Bronwyn headed around the corner to check on her.
She was gone for two seconds,when the feeling hit me at full blast.
"Oh shit." Hugh said when he saw me grab my chest.
"Claire! Bronwyn!" We all screamed.
"Claire!"
"Wyn!"
"If you're dying! Scream now!" Enoch shouted.
"You're such an ass." Emma said to him.
Claire screamed. All of us bolted into their direction.
We raced across the corner Bronwyn slamming into us. "Jacob!" She shouted looking at me. "I think it has her."
I ran into the feeling. The others following on my heels.
"I thought you said you kill it?" Enoch asked. I ignored him.
The Hollow must have dragged her away. We ran a much longer distance than we thought we would. Claire's screams serving as our guiding light.
We stopped,panting for breath. Bronwyn looked down and saw a pink ribbon lying on the ground. "Oh no." She said picking it up and holding it to her chest. "Oh no,oh no,no." She started crying.
We heard the Hollow roar,the sound echoing off the walls all around us.
"Jacob where is it?"
"I don't know. I can't see it. It's too damn dark." I said squinting. Emma came closer to me with her hand ignited,but it didn't help any.
I knew it was here. I could feel it. If I couldn't spot it,then I'd try to stop it. I closed my eyes and took a deep breath.
STOP! COME HERE! I shouted in Hollow language.
It worked. The beast lowered itself from the ceiling,hanging off a stalactite—tongues wrapped around Claire's waist. To the others,Claire was hovering in the air like Olive. She looked terrified,tears pooling down her cheeks,her ruffled pink dress in tatters,caked in dirt. She was too scared to mutter a single sound.
Drop her! I said in Hollow tongue.
It did. She screamed as she hit the ground. Bronwyn scurried over to her,picking her up,pulling her back behind me with the others.
Where did you go? I said to the beast.
She looks delicious. Was all it said in return.
You can't eat her! Or any of the others. 
 What about you? It said. The raspy sound of its voice sending chills up my spine.
"Jacob what's going on?" Emma whispered next to me.
I'll give you more. If you show us the way out. I said.
It lowered itself onto the ground,standing in front of me.
"What's bloody going on?" Enoch said loudly making everyone jump.
I turn to face everyone. It's going to show us the way out of the cave. I said in Hollow language.
"We don't speak that mate." Hugh said.
I shook my head. "It's going to show us the way out of the cave." I repeated in English this time.
". . .Wot?" Millard said.
"It's okay. . ."
"You're stupid." Enoch said. "You really think that you can trust it. It's a monster! It won't lead us out of the cave but further into it where our bones will never be found."
Olive and Claire started whimpering.
"That won't happen." I said.
"Oh really?" Enoch replied.
I'm starving. The Hollow said behind me.
I looked at it over my shoulder. "I'll feed you in a minute." I said in English.
Fuck.
They stared at me shocked.
I opened my mouth to prove what I meant by that statement.
"He's going to sacrifice one of us to it!" Enoch shouted.
"No I wasn't!" I screamed back.
"Then what were you going to do? Huh?"
I pulled the wrapping off my hand,showing them all my cut.
"It's fine. I know what I'm doing—"
"Oh. . . my bloody fucking—"
"It's okay." I said.
"You're feeding it?!" Enoch continued to shout.
"Jacob. . .?" Emma started.
"It's okay. I'm fine. It's going to help us."
I am stupid. Stupid that I forgot that Hollows are impatient.
It lunged at me from behind,tossing me into the air and slamming me into the wall.
I lifted my head up,dazed.
It took no time in going for my hand—shoving a short,skinny,pink tongue into my bleeding hand making me holler in pain. Once it was satisfied from a few of my drops it stood back away from me,and was even kind enough to lift me back on my feet.
This way. It said and headed further into the darkness.
I looked at everyone else,supporting my bloody hand. "Come on. It's okay. Trust me." I got a bunch of looks in return. Some worried,others critical,one that said I hate you. Guess who that was from?
But as reluctant as everyone was,they all took deep breaths and followed me—me following the Hollow.
It literally took ten minutes. TEN MINUTES! To get out of the cave. No joke the exit was right there where I first met this Hollow. Figures right?
We all squinted our eyes at the sunlight.
"Thank Birds." Millard said. "Okay,awesome,where are we?" He said looking at the map.
The Hollow turned to go back into the cave.
Thank you. I said to it.
It ignored me,slipping back into the darkness. I didn't want it to leave. I know,I know,I'm crazy.
"Look at that!" Horace said. "Jacob was right." He said purposely clear and close to Enoch's ear,causing his face to turn the complexion of a tomato.
"Whatever." He muttered under his breath.
"We're in the loop now right? I don't see any Academy." Hugh said.
He was right. We were standing on a tall hill,below us looked like a town. I don't know where. I did know that it was modern times from the fashion style of all the people crowding the streets below,like any normal busy day. There was tall buildings and even taller ones in the background—I'm going to take a guess and say that we were near New York.
"All I can tell,is that the loop entrance is beyond that cave." Millard said.
"So are we in a loop?" Bronwyn asked.
"I honestly can't tell." Millard said.
"I didn't see the ripple thing in the sky." I admitted. The last time I passed through a loop,the one that led us to that dreaded cave,I saw a ripple go across the sky.
Everyone else looked at me confused.
"Wot ripple thing?" Bronwyn asked.
"There's this effect in the sky whenever you go through loops. . . and I'm the only one that can see it. Got it. Awesome." I said
"Well we're not in a loop then?" Millard said. "Which means we have to find it. . . fantastic." He muttered the last part sarcastically.
We continued walking. I'd be so happy to not have to take hikes to get places anymore,and to have nice hot meal,and medicine for my hand because oh my god it hurts!
"Okay family." Millard said getting us all the huddle up. "The loop entrance has to be in that city down there."
"And since there's a lot of people we need to stick together." Emma said,"Millard strip your hat off. Everyone hold hands and whatever happens don't let go. By the size of that crowd,it'll be easy to lose someone."
We emerged into the crowd of people. None of them showed us any attention,they were too busy bustling around with their schedules and staring at their IPhones. We all held hands and moved forward. I wasn't sure where we were heading in the city,Emma had her hand on Millard in front of me and he seemed to know where to go.
Changing point of view here:First person is now Second person. Bear with me.
As they were walking through the endless sea of people that was impossible to see over,Olive looked up and saw a bird following the group from the top of the roof. And she could swear that it was a Peregrine falcon. She frantically looked around at the others in front of her. She was in the back with Claire beside of her,holding her hand,with Claire holding Bronwyn's hand in front of her. Olive had her lead shoes on,which always made walking more difficult and tiring,she also had her rope around her waist that Enoch had the end of. She stared at the rooftops,trying to see her headmistress again. She was so sure that she saw her,it wasn't something her tired mind made up.
She kept searching with her eyes,until she finally saw the falcon again. The falcon looked around searching the crowd until it finally set its eyes on the group,on Olive.
Miss Peregrine! She's here!
"It's Miss Peregrine." She whispered to Claire.
Claire looked at her confused and looked around at all the people,then at the sky.
"I saw her. I know I did,on the rooftops." She said excitedly.
"I don't see her." Claire replied,still looking around.
The group stopped moving in the crowd for a few minutes,probably Millard deciding which turn to make. Olive took the time to untie the rope from her waist and tie it to her shoes."Olive,no!" Claire said surprised and concerned.
"I'm know what I'm doing." Olive said and slipped out of her shoes.
Claire watched her float up to the rooftop where she barely missed to grab onto a gutter,where she dangled and started shuffling her way across. Claire brought her attention back to the crowd nervously. The screeching sound of lead shoes on concrete following her,that people kept tripping on,as Enoch continued to drag the rope.
The children stopped moving again and huddled back up,standing off to the side out of people's way. Millard staring down at the map again. Claire glanced up at the rooftops. She couldn't see where Olive went.
"It's gotta be around here somewhere." Millard said,rubbing the dull pain in his forehead.
Olive shuffled along just under the roof. The falcon hopped from tile to tile,trying not to lose the children. "Miss Peregrine." Olive called.
The falcon turned and saw the little girl hanging off the roof. The bird was far away on the other building but she could still make out the floating girl. The bird's eyes jutted out in surprise when she saw her.
"Hang on. I'm coming." Olive said as she shuffled her way to where she ran out of ledge and prepared to swing herself onto the next ledge. The bird squawked at her in concern and made to fly over there.
Jacob,Emma,and Millard were bent over the map,figuring out ways to go. And Claire constantly,nervously looking at the sky.
"Hey. Where's Olive?" Horace said next to Enoch.
Enoch held up the rope,"She's right here." He tugged the rope. It was longer than last time he checked it. When he tugged on it,it budged liked it was stuck.
"Olive." He demanded tugging the rope hard.
"Let me see it?" Jacob said ripping the map out of Millard's hands.
"You can't read a map dear." Emma said.
"You can't either." Jacob said.
"Better than you can." She replied.
"Do you even use maps anymore?" Millard asked.
"Not really. Everything's on GPS."
"Well why aren't we using that then?" Millard stated.
"I may be wrong,but I'm pretty sure that if I type Peculiar Academy onto my phone,I'm not going to find anything."
"Try it." He said.
Enoch and Horace reeled the rope in like a fishing line. The end of it came. They stared wide-eyed with jaws dropped at the lead shoes swinging off the end of the rope,then at each other,then quickly to the sky.
"Do you see her?" Enoch asked.
"Well if I did I'm pretty sure it'll be too late." Horace replied.
"Let's just go down that way." Jacob said pointing to the right.
"Nah,I think we're supposed to go straight." Millard said.
"You sure?"
"Ugh,men and directions." Emma sighed.
"Which way would you like to go?" Jacob asked her.
Emma looked at him taken aback,"I don't know where the bloody place is. But thank you,you just earned a point in romantism."
Jacob blushed.
"OH MY BIRDS!" Bronwyn screamed,causing everyone to look at her,then noticing Enoch holding Olive's rope and shoes,and no Olive.
Enoch dropped the shoes,holding his hands up. "I'm sure she's fine."
Emma wore the expression of a blood thirsty demon as she advanced on Enoch,causing him to back away.
"She said she saw Miss Peregrine and took her shoes off." Claire spoke up.
They shouted Olive's name,heads toward the sky.
"There she is!" Jacob shouted,spotting her hanging off a building's ledge. They all ran underneath her.
"OLIVE." Emma demand like an angry mother,stomping her foot,"GET DOWN HERE THIS INSTANT!"
"I saw Peregrines" was all they could hear her say.
"Oh my god." Jacob muttered.
Millard sighed and went back to his map.
Enoch began to swing the rope with the shoes still on the end of it like a lasso in the cow-boy movies.
"Woah mate,don't! There's normals everywhere,you could hit one of them." Horace said.
"So wot?"
The sickening feeling of Hollows being near was tugging at Jacob's gut once more. More powerful was a voice—a raspy voice in his head. There was so much commotion going on that he couldn't make out what it was saying. He looked around and glanced back up at the hill—at the cave,where his Hollow was standing out there staring right him,trying to tell him something.
He closed his eyes,put his hands over his ears,and concentrated.
It's a trap. Go. They're coming.
He opened his eyes again and felt the twinge in his chest. Hollows. A lot. Everywhere. Jacob looked around and he could see them now,in the distance advancing this way,were a butt-load of Hollows,like 20 at least,surrounding them. They knew that the children we're here. Which means that they we're near the Academy and that also means that Whites are surrounding them as well.
"We need to go. We need to get inside somewhere." Jacob said.
"Now?" Millard asked.
"Yes,now!" Jacob demanded.
Olive hung off the ledge,the falcon right in front of her now,so close that she could touch her. "Headmistress." She said with glee. The Peregrine Falcon looked at her loving.
And held out her wing as if to stroke the girl's hair,when a bullet lodged itself into her feathers,sending her sailing off the building.
"NO!" Olive screamed bloody murder.
Before anyone of the others could react,something like a hook-shot fired at Olive,grabbing her dress—yanking her out of sight.
It all happened so fast that you couldn't even register it into your mind.
Hands reached behind Enoch and Horace,gagging them,and pulling them away.
Before Hugh could open his mouth to let the bees attack,a hooded figure smacked him over the head.
Bronwyn got pushed to the ground along with Claire—both dragged away by the attackers,out of sight.
Jacob ran in circles trying to see what was going on,who was attacking them? They we're like ninjas—dark and quick as shadows.
"Emma!" He shouted frantically looking around for her. "Emma!"
"Jacob!"
He heard her,but he couldn't see her. "Emma!"
He heard her scream and then nothing at all.
Hands on his head dramatically,moving in circles,not knowing what to do. He saw a door to an abandoned looking dance studio open and close by itself.
Millard.
He followed. Going into the building.
"Millard." He called. There was no answer.
A Hollowgast smashed through the window slamming into the invisible figure.
It was invisible versus invisible.
Jacob jumped into action to do all he could to help. He lunged at the Hollow (a different one by the way,he could tell),the beast gnarled at him annoyingly and pushed him off,tossing him across the empty room. Jacob got back up on his feet. The Hollow had Millard pinned to the floor—two tongues holding down both of his arms,and a third tongue lassoed around his throat. The Hollow's wide jaw unhinged slowly leaning into its victim,preparing to bite his head off.
"MILLARD!" Jacob shouted. Fear clenching at his heart.
The invisible form under the Hollow's grip flickered and turned visible.
It wasn't Millard Nullings.
It was a girl. She looked the same age as Jacob with dark,straight hair,and pale skin. Her brown eyes faced Jacob's,she gave him a look of pleading.
LET HER GO! He shouted at the Hollow. The beast snarled at him not liking to be controlled,but it did the job. The Hollow let go of the mysterious girl and threw itself on Jacob again,slamming him into the wall,trying to chomp his face. Gunfire rang out. The Hollow went limp,and fell off of Jacob—dead.
He quickly scanned the room for the girl. She shot the Hollow! She had a gun! How did she shoot it? Could she see it? Or did she just get lucky?
She wasn't in the room anymore,not that Jacob could see at least.
"Hey,it's all right,I'm not going to hurt you. I need your help."
No sound at all. An empty room.
"Please."
A wooden plank from the broken window was levitated into the air,where it collided with the back of Jacob's head.
Everything went dark.
Review please! Reviews help!
