Disclaimer:I do not claim rights to any of these plot lines,characters,or themes. Ransom Riggs owns them.
Feel free to write a review,also enjoy the story.

''We have time.''
I pulled Emma in and gave her a hug,then told her to join the others.
My parents were still sitting in the car,so I walked over and opened the door. I could not help feeling mad at them,after they never believed me. I told them that they could come in the house with the rest of us,or they could leave.
I walked in the back door,avoiding the others and went to my room. I just needed time to think. I knew Miss Peregrine had everything under control,so I probably did not have to help them get settled in.
I flopped down on my bed,and just as I was drifting off into a half asleep,half awake state,I heard the door open. I looked up and saw Emma standing in the doorway,looking down at me.
''Sorry I was just looking around.''
''No it's okay.'' I responded,and stood up. I knew exactly what I needed to do,and I was ready.

As we walked into the graveyard,Emma's hand went extremely hot in my hand.
I knew how she was feeling,and as we got closer to my grandfathers grave,I could see the pain in her expression.
When we were just outside of the graveyard Emma turned to me.
''You know Jake,you don't have come in with me.''
''I came here to clear everything up between us. I can tell that you are still considering everything that we have been through together,including the thing with my grandfather,so ya I am going in with you''
By looking at the hurt in Emma's eyes,I knew that I had just insulted her in a way I shouldn't have,and I instantly regretted it.
''Im sorry Emma I did not mean to - ''
Just as I had started to apologize,she cut me off when she turned and stormed off into graveyard.
Emma was standing at the foot of my the tombstone,with tears in her eyes. I did not know if it was from what I had said to her,and I hoped that it wasn't.
I slowly came up behind her,and then put my arm around her shoulders. I pulled her into a tight hug,and she cried into my shoulder. It felt good to let everything out. It also felt good knowing that she had easily forgiven me for what I had said.
We were walking down the street in silence,just enjoying the moment together,when Emma spoke up.
''Jacob,you are what keeps me in the present. If it wasn't for you I would still be in the past. I need you to show me what its like to live,Now.

The view was amazing. Probably because Emma was with me.
We had walked to the beach,where we were going to plan out the rest of our night.
I knew exactly what I wanted to do,but just for the fun of it I decided that we come down to the beach.
We got in a taxi,and I asked the driver to take us to the nearest movie theater.
When we pulled up to the curb,I helped Emma out of the taxi,and we went into the theater. Emma had recently changed into a more modern outfit,so she did not look like she was from another time.
I got us tickets for The Scorch Trials. I had remembered reading the book earlier that year,so it seemed like the best option.
When we walked out of the theater Emma had a look of wonder on her face,but she did not say anything. She was probably still trying to take everything in.
Down the street from us,there was a outdoor patio from some fancy restaurant,so we headed in that direction.
We got a table in the back part of the restaurant,because it was surprisingly busy even though it was eleven at night.
The food tasted amazing.
The night went on and on like this,until the sun came up on the horizon.
Me and Emma walked home holding hands and laughing,then went back to out house,and fell asleep wrapped in each others arms.
