Hello! This is a story where the kids in Miss Peregrine's have a rainy day and cannot play outside. Inspiration:The rain outside my window. I am sorry about the other stories getting messed up. I'm not sure what happened and I will try to update them soon. I hope you enjoy! (Movieverse)
Fiona's POV
We haven't had a rainy day in forever… I thought looking outside. The only rain we had was in the old loop at night,never a whole day. Miss Peregrine was going to make a new loop when the weather was nice,so clearly not today. I opened my window up. The cold wind whirled into my room and I quickly closed it up again. Too cold… I thought. It was too cold and too wet to go outside today,that was for sure.
I left my room and went downstairs. I turned to the kitchen and no one was in there. The dining room was empty too. How early is it?! There's no way it could be that early,the sun was already out. I checked the nearest clock to me. 9:47. Breakfast is at 9:30 and we would still be eating right now.
I heard a noise come from the conservatory and walked towards it. As I got closer,the noise got louder. I opened the door and walked in. Everyone was sitting down on either the floor or the couches. I decided to sit down too do I sat between Bronwyn and Millard.
"Kids,you're going to have to deal with this. We're all going to have to find something fun to do inside." Miss Peregrine said with Claire in her lap,"We didn't know it would happen."
Everyone looked over to Horace for answers.
"What?! I didn't dream about this!" He said.
"What did you dream about?" Hugh asked.
"Well,there was Claire and Bronwyn,then Enoch came in the room handing Claire her bear because she left her bear downstairs and-" He was cut off by Clare "I would never leave Miss Bear anywhere!" She protested. "Calm down Claire,you will get her back." Miss Peregrine said. Claire settled down,her face was still upset though.
"Why don't we go get breakfast from the kitchen!" Emma said,breaking up the silence. We all followed her into the kitchen. We grabbed plates,napkins,and silverware. Next we got food which was toast and eggs. We all sat down where we always sat,of course,since Miss Peregrine assigned us to our seats. We talked about random things like dreams,what we thought our lives would be like on the moon… stuff like that. We all washed our dishes when we were done and went back upstairs. We all got dressed in our usual outfits. Next was the hard part,finding an indoor activity that could last us awhile.
Bronwyn's POV
I sat down on one of our sofas after getting dressed. I sighed while staring outside. I felt someone sit next to me. I looked over,no one was there.
"Hi Millard!" I said.
"How did you know?" He said.
"I feel someone sit down,but don't see anyone. I live with an invisible boy,duh." I said. Claire came in the room.
"Hi Bronwyn,Millard." She said.
"How did you know?!" Millard said to Claire. Claire sat down.
"Well,when you live with someone who can be completely invisible,you learn to look for tushy marks on the seat." She said. Claire and I giggled. We couldn't see Millard but we knew he was blushing from embarrassment.
"What shall we do for an inside activity today?" I asked.
"CHILDREN COME TO THE LOUNGE!" Miss Peregrine called. We all migrated to the lounge.
"Now,let us all pick a group activity. Oh I know! Sibling bonding day!" Miss Peregrine said,
"I'll pick groups of 4."
She assigned us to groups. Group one was Olive,Millard,Claire,and Jacob. Group two was the twins,Emma,and Horace. This left Me,Hugh,Enoch,and Fiona. Our groups split up into different rooms to pick activities. This was the hard part since we all had teenagers,pre teens,and kids.
I hope you liked this chapter! I will continue it soon. Thank you for reading.
