An unexpected touch of love
Hello,everyone! Thank you for your positive comments on „My best dream". I was really happy that you liked it.
This fic is for my friend plengpoonyapa,who wanted to see a fic about Miss Peregrine's first date after having settled in Florida. I love you,sis!
Although I will mention some deaths that happened in the series,this fic will not be dark. It just shows how much the poor Miss P had to deal with,but there'll be a flood of light at the end of the tunnel for her.
„An unexpected touch of love" will be a multichapter fic. Except my OC,all characters belong to Ransom Riggs. Forgot to mention the copyrights last time,oops...
Like last time,I will use the ages of the characters in the movies.
If you celebrate Christmas,I wish you a happy time!
And now,onward with „An unexpected touch of love"!
Yuna
Chapter 1:
The first time the wide-eyed little Claire noticed that something was different,was when she saw her beloved ymbryne mother leaning against a tree with an uncharacteristicly sad look on her face. She was playing ball in the garden in front of Jacob's house with Millard and Hugh. The girl with the back-mouth had been concerned by the change in Miss Peregrine's mood,but had hesitated to ask her if she was ok,when she had appeared at dinner with her usual bright smile.
That's when she had thought she'd just imagined things in the heat,but Claire was proven wrong when two days later she accidently caught on the look of sadness,complete with tears,that she threw Emma and Jacob kissing in a corner of the library. Once again,the young woman's frown had lifted into a smile when Claire had instantly blurted out the question if she was really fine. Miss Peregrine had just grinned even wider and said it was the dust that made her beautiful eyes watery.
The third time she witnessed abnormal behaviour from her headmistress,she sped into the room of her best friend Bronwyn and desperately confessed to the baffled girl. „I think Miss P is hurt somewhere and she just won't tell us! She was crying,really crying,Wyn! Something is wrong... and I'm scared. I want the real Miss P back!",she exclaimed after having told her what she had seen this early evening. Bronwyn stared at her wide-eyed and shocked. „Oh my,that sounds if something was really wrong! But what could we do to make it better?",she muttered,her face mirroring that of her blonde friend. After worrying and thinking for some seconds,Claire's dark face lit up and she extended a hand to her friend to help her up. „I know who may be able to help us!"
Enoch's and Olive's lips broke apart hastily when they heard the voice of their Little Claire from the door. Enoch bit back a curse and greeted them civilly. „Hello,Claire and Bronwyn. What can we do for you,sweeties?",Olive asked with a warm smile. Hesitantly,the light-haired girl told them about her discoveries. „And so we wondered...",she finished. „...if you know what's happening.",the superstrong girl completed her sentence. The two teenagers looked at each other for some time,then back at them. Olive wore a look of affection on her face,while Enoch kneeled down to their level and brushed hair out of their faces.
„Oh children... I might know what she has. Remember the last two times Miss Peregrine reacted so sad? The first time was when Em and Jake were kissing and the second when she saw a young couple getting married on our daily walk. You weren't present,Wyn,because you felt a little ill this morning. I think that despite the horrible treatment of her brother,she still feels yearning for men. Miss Peregrine wants a boyfriend...",he concluded with a smile worthy of an ymbryne herself.
The two kids exchanged a look of utter surprise. „So she feels... lonely?",Claire asked a bit hesitantly. Bronwyn gasped and held her friend's hands,squealing exitedly:„Does it mean that we'll have a father maybe?" The fiery teenager swallowed and knelt down as well to caress the girls. „That may come with time... But yes,judging from what you've told me,I do think that Miss Peregrine wants to... well,share love with someone else as well." „Exac... Oh Bird,Horace!",Enoch was about to add,when they heard Horace's scream from downstairs.
Alma Peregrine slowly walked down the street that led from the market to the park. From there she would just have to cross the road and the house of Jacob's family would come into view. Once again she checked the bags in her hand to see if she had everything they needed. There were potatoes,peas,raspberries for a pie she intended to bake,apples... and carrots.
For a second,she felt so horrible that she almost stumbled. The loss of her dear child Fiona,taken in a terrible assault that had come so unexpectedly,still haunted her and broke her innermost core. Such a young and promising life ripped away,like a flower picked up by a cruel hand just to let it waste. Oh Fiona... „No mother should outlive their children,may they be biological or otherwise...",Miss Peregrine thought,on the verge of crying.
Biological... Suddenly she felt her thoughts turning from Fiona to a scene that she had witnessed earlier this day. She and her children had done their everyday walk,starting at their home,going through the little park,passing a nearby chapel and after crossing the road walking back to the house on a lovely boardwalk. They had made it until the chapel,before everything had gotten downhill from there...
The bells ringing and the organ music from the chapel had reached their ears even before emerging from the park. And then they had seen it. The couple was beautifully dressed,the groom in a fine black smoking,the bride's face rivalling the shine of her star-white dress. Her little children had squealed,Olive and Horace had started ranting about the wedding attires and Miss Peregrine...
Miss Peregrine had stood there paralized,with a pain in her chest as if someone had hit her heart with a knife. Before she even realized what she was doing,she had heard herself telling Enoch that he would be encharged with finishing the walk,as she would be going to the market to shop for dinner. Then she had felt the unmistakable sting of tears in her eyes and had fled the scene before anyone of her curious children could hear her sob.
What had made her feel so bad? Was it the music,reminding her of her dear parents' own wedding? Was it the beauty of the couple,making her feel ashamed of her own imperfect,scarred body? Or was it their pure happiness of being together,joined for eternity by the bond of love? Alma couldn't prevent a sob escaping her tightly sealed lips and the tears wetting her cheeks.
Yes,even though she already dedicated her time and love to her young charges,a part of her – her human side – still felt the desire for someone else loving her back in a different way. Except of her father's love,all the men in her life had been cruel or indifferent to her. So she thought it only natural that,now that her heart was starting to heal and recover from all the trauma,the woman in her tried to take more control...
In the meantime,the young ymbryne didn't realize in her grief that she had actually starting to run and that she was before the road now. That she was crossing the street blindly without acknowledging the heavy traffic in her path... When she she finally heard the frantic honking of a car through the rush of blood in her ears,it was already too late... A red sports car was just inches close to run her over,the panicked eyes of the driver hidden behind the tinted window.
Alma was petrified. She had never thought about dying before,least of all like thise. Going down in a blaze of glory perhaps,taking several enemies down with her,but not getting crushed by a vehicle! How would her little kids react to her absence? What would become of Enoch,Horace,Emma,her Little Claire? Suddenly a male voice sounded sharp and clear through the haze in her brain:„WATCH OUT!" A strong arm grabbed her shoulder out of the corner of her eye,a quick pull... and she was safe on the boardwalk once more. Intense blue eyes,glinting with concern was the last thing she saw as her knees buckled under her and slipped into unconciousness.
At Jacob's house:„Is everything alright,Horace? What did you see?" A few other kids were already surrounding their prophetic brother when Enoch and Olive arrived with the little girls in tow. Even the dead-riser felt a sting of fear in his stomach when he saw the state Horace was in. His hands were firmly pressed to his mouth,he was trembling and tears were starting to make their way down his cheeks. He looked downright horrified.
„What did you dream,honey?",asked the redhead,gently prying Horace's hands from his lips and running her own along his back to calm him down. After some minutes,he uttered five words that sent even toughest among them into a fit of frenzy:„Miss Peregrine had an accident!"End of Chapter 1
I honestly swear that this came out entirely different as I pictured it! The story just took control! Don't hate me,I promise you that Miss P is ok...
If you liked it so far,feel free to leave a comment. I'll try to get Chapter 2 done as soon as the festivities allow me.
Merry Christmas!
Yuna

An unexpected touch of love
Hello,everybody! I hope all of you celebrated a nice Christmas,first of all. Second of all,A VERY HAPPY NEW YEAR 2017! I had a big family reunion and it was lots of fun,then I came down with the flu,but even that didn't stop me from writing on my beloved stories. Especially with all of you asking me to continue it...
I honestly don't know what sort of sorcery bewitched my feather in the first chapter... But since you liked it,I promise that there'll be no harm done in this second chapter. *puts hand on heart* At least not too much... *evil grin*
I got a lots of presents,but sadly those don't include the rights for Miss Peregrine. Mr Riggs still has them...
From here I'll start describing varied medical symptoms. Any mistakes are my fault,I'm no medical student.
And now,without further ado,on with chapter 2 of 'An unexpected touch of love'!
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - – - - – - - - – - - – - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Chapter 2:
It felt like hours to her until Miss Peregrine's conciousness returned. Her heart still beating a bit irregularly,she opened her eyes. The face of a young man loomed over her. When she tried to move,he muttered:„Go easy,let me help you,Miss." She was gently lifted into a sitting position and she used her change of perspective to take a better look at her saviour.
It was a youthful male who had pulled her from a certain death. He was about just as tall as her,with a lean but muscular body build. Alma guessed he was somewhere around 30 years,he still displayed a clean face,framed by mouse brown hair tinged with just a hint of grey. Rectangular frameless glasses protected his sapphire eyes,which were sparkling with a mix of worry and relief.
„Thank God that I had just come from my office and could get to you in time... How are you feeling? What's your name,Miss?",he told her. His voice was a rich warm tenor which helped to soothe the headache Alma felt,but it seemed like her tongue was sticking to the roof of her mouth,robbing her of her voice.
She was confused. Normally she avoided getting close to others except her children,afraid to trigger a panic attack. Something perfectly normal,Jacob had told her,after all what had happened to her and what she had to go through. And yet... now she was basically sandwiched between a stranger and a bench,but the familiar panic didn't emerge this time. Instead she felt at peace,safe,his blue eyes holding no malice,the warmth of his slightly calloused hands over hers...
„I'm sorry,Miss. Are you,by any guess,a mute? Should we communicate in sign language if that's what you prefer?",he asked,nervousness creeping into his voice. The ymbryne gulped,blushing embarassedly,and forced her voice to work again:„No sir,it's fine. It's just..." Her saviour began to laugh:„How good! I had already feared that you had another underlying medical condition. How good..." Alma looked at him for a moment,not quite sure still what to make of that situation,then she admitted:„I feel a little dizzy and my head hurts a bit. Are you..."
„... A doctor.",the man replied with a smile,„Doctor David R. Chet,graduated with a PhD from the Charles E. Schmidt College of Medicine two years ago. I have a little medical office a couple of blocks away from here. As for your ailments,there's nothing to worry about. The high amount of stress you suffered caused your adrenaline levels to increase. This lead to a likewise elevation of your blood pressure. When you were safe,your production of stress hormones decreased again. That caused the blood pressure to fall,which in turn results in symptoms like dizziness and headache... You're not getting a word of what I'm talking about,right? It's fine,just drink a glass of water,rest for an hour and you'll be as good as new." „Thank you... for saving me,Doctor Chet.",Miss Peregrine said quietly. „You're welcome,Miss... What's your name again?",he gently replied,then tilted his head at her with honest curiosity. Alma looked into his trustful eyes and told him:„I'm Alma. Alma LeFay Peregrine."
„Miss Peregrine had an accident!" For a few seconds,everyone among them stared at their brother in shock. Then all hell broke loose... The Twins gave a high-pitched shriek,while hugging each other tight. Even though they appeared indifferent because of their masks,their screeches betrayed how scared they felt. Hugh had pressed a hand over his mouth and his eyes were shimmering with tears. The boy was in such a shock that even his bees were completely silent. Enoch,fighting a rising panic so terrible that he almost felt sick,pulled the weeping Bronwyn and Claire close to his chest,while keeping a blurry view on Horace who had sunk against the invisible Millard,desperately calling him,with blank eyes.
But Emma seemed to take it the worst... Olive was fiercely hugging her friend,who seemed like frozen over,telling her time and again that everything would be alright while trying to keep from drowning on her own tears. Jacob was standing beside her,wringing his hands,his face pale with worry. Emma whimpered softly. She was in complete denial. Her ymbryne,her protector,her beautiful mother had been involved in an accident? No,that couldn't be,it just couldn't be true! She was too brave,too smart,too invincible to be cut down by an accident! Part of her wanted to strangle the young prophet for telling such lies,the other part of her simply refused to believe that her Miss P was... She couldn't even think the horrible four letters.
Her mind propulsed her 90 years into her past. She had just been a girl close to death,curled up on an icy floor on a winter's day. She had been bound to her housewall with a thick rope to prevent her from floating away. Emma couldn't even remember why,but it wasn't that she even cared anyway... Just as she was about to give up the fight and surrender to the cold,a miracle had appeared in the form of Miss Peregrine.
Suddenly the falcon flying over her head had changed as if by magic into a beautiful young woman. „Are you a sorceress?",Emma had asked almost inaudibly. Her eyes full of tears,compassion and love,her soon-to-be new mother had kneeled down to caress her with the wonderful words:„I'm an ymbryne,honey and I'm here to take you to your new home..." From then on,her life had changed from scratch. And for the better. Now she prayed to God that it wouldn't end...
„Let's get you up,Miss Peregrine. Don't worry,I'm holding you.",Dr. Chet told her and reached out an arm for her to cling to. After swaying on her high-heels for a moment,Miss Peregrine regained her footing. „I'm fine now. Thank you so much for everything,doctor.",she wanted to say goodbye,but the man would have none of it. „Where do you live? I'll go with you. To make sure you don't have a relapse. It's my duty as a doctor to make sure my patients are safe. Besides,those bags look heavy..." He looked so serious and sincerely worried for her safety,that the ymbryne simply couldn't refuse him. So she sighed and told him:„If I had gone across the street safely,I would have just had to walk a few miles on the boardwalk to reach our house."
Her new aquaintance smiled and took some of her shopping bags under his arm,then gently pressed against her back to get her to move. Again,Alma felt strange. The last time someone had touched her this way,it had been her devil of a brother and she had nearly died of a panic attack. But this,this was different. It was warm,protecting,caring even. It was saying 'I am here to guide you,to make sure nothing happens to you. You're safe in my arms.'. She also felt much happier than she had felt during these last days... Could it be that she had begun to fall in love,like she had yearned for? Could it really happen so fast? …
„You have an interesting name,Miss Peregrine. Like the bird.",her companion commented with a smile. „Yes,sir. I have... well,my father liked peregrine falcons so much that he... he decided to change our last name to Peregrine. He dreamed of being a falconer,but... but he died before he could fulfill his dream...",she made up quickly. But before any sadness could ruin the mood between them,her face lit up with a smile and she exclaimed:„Look,my house is just a few miles away from here!"
Although he felt sometimes unhappy with his pecularity,Millard Nullings was most glad that nobody could see the tears streaming across his cheeks right now. He couldn't really remember being that sad except the day his brother Victor had died. Miss Peregrine gone as well? To try and quench the wave of guilt of having so often been naughty,he was trying to take care of both Horace and Hugh,who had sat down beside him.
While gently grooming the blond unmoving head of their prophet,he pressed the bee boy's shoulder. Hugh was looking firmly into the distance,while making no attempt to wipe away the tears falling from his eyes. „Hey,Hugh. Are you doing fine?",Millard asked softly,trying to keep the sobs out of his voice to not aggravate Hugh's sadness further.
But he knew immediately that his question sounded more cliché than anything... Hugh was not doing fine. In fact,he hadn't been fine ever since he had learned that Fiona had been killed by the wights. His range of emotions went from numbness to anger to deep sadness. Even though he was no licenced doctor,Millard had instantly recognized that Hugh had fallen into the soul-crushing cycle of depression.
His bet friend blatantly rejected everyone who was even remotely trying to approach him on the topic of Fiona. Millard,being the curious investigator he was,had found out to their horror that even Horace didn't wake up as much crying at night as Hugh did. Sometimes he randomly burst into tears during the day,claiming to see his girl and then brutally lashing out at everyone who tried to convince him otherwise. Although it was constantly getting warmer,Hugh was wearing long-sleeved shirts and neither Millard nor Miss Peregrine were fooled by his excuse that his bees were getting more adventurous. The invisible boy knew that the depressed peculiar was hurting himself.
Millard jumped when the bee boy all of a sudden jerked in his grip. He glanced up at him,afraid that he had done something to anger him,but he was staring wide-eyed at the door instead. Then he started running towards it,so fast as if he were being chased by Hollows. The younger syndrigast leaped up to follow him,fearing that he had another one of his 'visions' or wanted to do Bird knew what! Whatever he had possibly planned to do,Hugh's sudden change of demeanour bode nothing well for Millard...
Miss Peregrine slowed down a bit in her path,suddenly having second thoughts about the situation she was in. Her ymbryne instinct and the new side of her heart fought against each other. One had severe doubts that it was a good idea showing Dr. Chet the children just yet. Their reactions would be unpredictable if a stranger suddenly appeared in their home... Besides,she had no idea how he would see a horde of over twelve children as well,all with peculiar powers to add to it! The other wanted him to find her even more special and admire her skills for children. But something unexpected took the decision for her...
A swarm of bees rose into the sky from one second to the other and flew towards them,looming over and buzzing menacingly. „Where did those come from?!",the doctor exclaimed,unable to hide his shock before this sudden danger. The headmistress knew fully well where the bees were from,but couldn't think of any excuse. It was as if her tongue had turned to stone again...
„Maybe we should... OW!",she heard and this 'Ow' was enough to tear down her wall of indecisiveness. One of Hugh's bees had stung him right underneath the eye! Her sharp falcon eyes could just see his figure running away with a mixed expression of anger and guilt on his face,before she focused all of her powers,looked hard at the insects and hissed:„STOP!"End of Chapter 1
I'm apologizing that it took so long to finally upload! Again... I went on a super long camping trip and I had no good connection to type it all down! 
The good thing about being in peaceful nature is that you have much more time to work on the continuation... On the other side,this happens when you ask someone with 'love issues' to write a romantic story. You get both sides of the coin...
Thank you all so much for your patience! Leave a comment if you liked this chapter as well,please!
Yuna

An unexpected touch of love 
Hello,my fellas! I'm back! Finally once again...
I've experienced the awful bite of the tiny but unnerving virus that's called writer's block. The words just didn't come! I hated every bit of it! Forgive me for the long waiting times. On the other hand,it's just my second story on and I'm still getting used to write for others. But I know that I'll improve in time.
Now that I got that off my soul,I'm glad to show you the third chapter of An unexpected touch of love. From that chapter on,I will present the different opinions of the children on the sudden appearance of Dr. Chet in Miss Peregrine's life. Be warned that it will divide the team into two fractions and some might seem surprising to you.
I've bought myself a couple of souvenirs from my vacation to a lake,but I didn't find the rights to Miss Peregrine. Mr Riggs isn't selling them...
And now onward with the third chapter of An unexpected touch of love!
X-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x
"Stop!"
The insects first seemed to withstand the ymbryne's call,but then – with a last angry buzz – they seemed to stop in midair. Focusing even harder,using her anger as a fuel,Miss Peregrine commanded:"Go. Away!" The bees hovered over them for some unnerving seconds more,then they flew away for good. And don't come back!",she called after them. "Oh Hugh,what have you done?...",she thought sadly.
Then she turned to the man who had saved her. His face was pale and he was breathing irregularly,no doubt from shock,and holding his swollen eye. "Oh my Bird! I'm so sorry! Are you ok,doctor?",she exclaimed,deeply concerned and ashamed of her ward's behaviour. Slowly,Dr. Chet uncovered his eye,teeth slightly gritting in pain. The place where the bee had stung him was of an unpleasant red and causing his eye to swell shut. "Don't worry,Miss Peregrine. I'll be finde. I'm not allergic to bee stings,luckily. All I have to do is getting out the stinger and applying ice and a salve.",he assured her.
Miss Peregrine looked a bit further down the path,knowing that Jacob's house was just a few minutes more away,but she had already decided that the childrens' reactions were too unpredictable to treat him there. She didn't want him to get welcomed by an angry hurricane or – Bird forbid it! - gorgon twins. With a tinge of sadness,she gently took the doctor by the arm and demanded:"Tell me where your office is..."
X-x-x-x-x-x-x
Hugh ran as if his bees were trying to sting him as well. He clearly felt two different sensations roaring violently in his chest:guilt and blinding anger. Guilt of having potentially hurt his beloved ymbryne,causing pain to the woman that loved him and his brethren with all her heart,taking them in when nobody else had wanted them... But the peculiar also felt the knife of anger being twisted in his vulnerable heart. How could she... His thoughts were suddenly interrupted,when he felt two strong arms tackling him and pressing him against the nearest wall.
"What in all Birds' names are you DOING?!",shouted Millard,shooting an invisible seething glare at his friend. Hugh tried to fight back and wrench out of his grip,but even though the unperceivable peculiar was not exactly the tallest of the bunch,his muscles were well-developed. "You could have hurt Miss P! What. Is. Wrong. With. You?!",Hugh heard the enraged accusation sting into him and the shakes Millard gave him with every word. Millard loosened his grip on him when he felt his tense friend deflate like a balloon and turned his head sideways.
"What's wrong with you?",the bee boy barely heard the softer repeated question through the blood rushing in his ears,as well as his bees returning and buzzing anxiously above their anguished master. He tried to swallow,but found it hard to pass the steadily growing lump in his throat. Tears surfaced and burned in his eyes,blurring his vision. "Hugh,please talk to me!",Millard implored,confused and worried by Hugh's behaviour. Then something in the peculiar finally cracked.
"HOW DOES SHE DARE?!",Hugh cried out. "I would have let my friends sting her as well,if only it would bring her back!" The invisible boy stumbled,almost blown away by the insane amount of hate and despair these words held. "Why would you say such a thing? She's the best ymbryne in the world,our mother...",he asked,shocked. "No... no mother of this world would ever... do this to her children.",Hugh stammered,tears now gradually making their way down his cheeks. "Miss Peregrine was with a stranger! A man! And they like each other,I saw it in their body language! She chose HIM over US!"
Miss Peregrine had made a friend?! The young Nullings didn't quite know what to make of that. It simply came too sudden! But what shocked him even more was the seperated feelings beginning to surface. Emma and Jake had found the perfect match in each other and was he not happy for them? Love was a beautiful thing and most normal to happen. It could happen any day at any given moment. Millard loved his Miss Peregrine with all his heart and he knew her love for them would forever endure,but wasn't his Miss P a woman first and foremost? Women were meant to fall in love... But why didn't he rejoice for her?
"What is so wrong about that,my friend?",he asked the Apiston boy,hoping to understand Hugh's and consequently his controversial feelings better. First he didn't answer,but then Hugh began to roll up his sleeves. Millard gasped involuntarily when he saw the net of scars running over his arms,some barely visible,some fading,others still red and fresh. But what upset him the most was the word 'FIONA' carved into his right arm. "All of this... All of this I'm doing for Fi. I miss her,every day. I miss her so much it hurts.",his distraught companion whispered tearfully. "I always think the physical pain will finally outweigh the emotional,but it never gets better. It's barely a year I've lost my darling and now..."
With the force of a lightning bolt it hit his loop brother what was wrong with them. "... you are feeling as if she's rubbing your loss directly in your face all over again?",he whispered back. There. There he had his answer. The answer to the question that was burning his heart. "H-how do-does she...",the young Apiston whimpered,before letting himself fall into Millard's invisible arms and crying desperately.
The scholar gritted his teeth in a surge of red-hot anger. No matter how much she meant to him,at this moment he thought a wight couldn't have committed higher treason! Gently he caressed the glossy brown hair of his friend,paying no attention to the swarm of bees surrounding him and trying even less to stop the tears from falling,compassion for Hugh filling him entirely. Hugh was freaking cutting himself to forget about his broken heart and he had to witness his beloved headmistress in such a situation of all things! His voice of reason shouted at him indignantly that he didn't even know what had exactly happened,that Hugh could have misinterpreted the scene,though it was all but drowned by the fire of justice consuming him.
"I agree with you!",he declared loudly. "Now that I think of it,it really is uncalled for. I admit that she couldn't have known you were there,but it's an ymbryne's duty to assist and be with her children. It's what they chose,right?" The bee boy weakly lifted his head to his voice and asked softly:"So you understand? I thought you would... I don't know..." There,Millard Nullings understood that he was choosing a side. Either the children wouldn't agree with Miss Peregrine's new "friend" or they would accept it. "You are my best friend,Hugh.",he told him firmly. "I care about your well-being and I can't bear to see you suffering. You have my back."
Then he helped the peculiar to his feet again and let him lean on his shoulder until his wobbling legs held him steady again. Hugh swallowed his last sob,dried his tear-soaked cheeks and tiredly opened his mouth to finally let his bees in. The insects flew quickly into his stomach – Henry lingering a tiny moment longer on his lips to offer him his own sign of comfort – and let out a quiet rumble to indicate their support. "Let's go...",Millard said,a low growl tinging his words,"Let's go and see whose other backs we have..."End of Chapter 3
X-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x
Once more,my upload took longer than I expected and I'm deeply ashamed to say that irregular updates will continue,at least until I get used to my new university life. 
I hope you're not too upset by the lateness. 
I love you all! Again,reviews are welcome and inspire me to continue writing,no matter how hard it is.
