It had been five months,three weeks,and six days since Miss Peregrine and her children had moved to Florida. Most of her children,that is. 90% of her children. Because Fiona Frauenfeld was gone. And she wasn't coming back. Hugh Apiston had difficulty accepting that. Immense difficulty. Sure,his housemates missed her. But they could accept that she was gone.Hugh,blinded by hurt and confusion,had simply blocked out the world. It was the least he could do. Hugh hung his head,staring at the drab,gray sea in front of him. He still hadn't completely come to terms with the fact that Fiona just wasn't there anymore. His room was littered with flowers,the yard overflowing with plants. He held a small daisy in his hand,pulling off the petals slowly.He couldn't save her. If he had only stayed behind with Fiona and Claire... "Hey,Hugh. Watcha doing?" The innocent voice jolted Hugh out of his thoughts. A golden haired little girl stood behind him,wearing a ruffled pink dress. At a first glance,nobody would guess that a set of razor sharp teeth lurked behind the curly hair.Hugh didn't respond,only twisted the flower. "Hugh,she isn't coming back." Claire slid down to sit next to Hugh. "You have no idea how many people have told me that." Claire turned her head to the boy next to her. "I do." Hugh blew out,bees fluttering lazily out of his mouth. "No,you don't." Claire snapped her head sideways again. "Hugh,I was there." She leaned her body sideways,shifting her weight onto Hugh."I-Claire! I know! I just..." Hugh buried his head in his hands,silent sobs wracking through his body. Claire frowned and wrapped her tiny,pale arms around him. "Miss her. I know."The two sat in silence for countless seconds,Hugh's voice finally carrying over the sound of the crashing waves. "Fiona,I know I'll see you again. It may take forever,but I'm willing to take that chance." The wind seemed to hug Claire and Hugh,engulfing them in it's cool tendrils. The breeze seemed to whisper in their ears,ruffling their hair softly. As if trying to talk. But Claire knew what it meant. 'I'll Be Waiting.'
