A/N:I wrote this as a narrative for an English assignment from the perspective of Holden's parents. I've written it as Holden's father,whom I've named Philip. Mrs. Caulfield has been dubbed Susan. It starts with Holden in the psych institution. Happy reading!
The psychoanalyst was with the boy when we arrived. I quickly dismissed him,ignoring his whinging about appointments. The boy sat cross-legged on a cot and stared at the wall opposite it. Susan had kept to my shadow as we had walked through the institution,but she timidly crept forward at the sight of her son. She called to him. The bastard ignored her,and she fell back to hide behind me. The poor woman has been a nervous wreck since Allie's death. My ears have been in danger of falling off with her constant complaints of headaches. I have also grown tired of being kept up as she spends her nights with a cigarette in hand. I strongly considered admitting her and the boy at the same time. I cleared my throat;the boy looked up at last. "Holden," I began to address him.
"Philip," he quipped.
I raised a brow at his rebellion and continued,"I was quite surprised to find a letter from Pencey Prep awaiting my arrival home a while back. I'm sure you'd like to hear what I had the pleasure of reading. However,I'll condense it and give you the gist of what was said because I want to make our time here short. The letter told me you'd been kicked out,boy,for failing. I'm absolutely positive I would have never seen this behavior out of Allie;you disgrace his very memory. I am disgusted with this act. We made an investment in you when we sent you to private school,and for a while there,I was determined to see you flourish like any other investment. I refuse to pour any more money down the drain on a waste of space like you. In consequence,you'll be attending public school upon your release. I expect you to start working to pay for your books and such. Also,in a final effort to make you into some type of productive human being,you will do all I have just instructed and pass your courses with flying colors or you will find yourself in need of a new home."
My words left the boy speechless. I stood and exited,Susan following me without a word. I knew the boy would never be smart enough to figure it all out on his own,so I took it upon myself to have him enrolled at Robert Morris High School. I got the local grocer to agree to hire him as well.
A month or two later,the institution released the boy. I informed him of the favor I had done him. He struggled through the first month or two of work at the grocer's. He was always late. He fought with the customers,and he always left his station a mess. The grocer,whom I had made friends with,came to me,seeking my thoughts on the subject. I knew the laws were loose,so I gave my friend permission to lower the boy's wages should he not meet the set standards. He quickly got his act together in that respect and was earning minimum wage again.
However,September was upon us,and the boy would soon be attending school on top of working at the grocer's. Once more,he struggled. At a pace that could only be outdone by a cheetah,the teachers were requiring he stay after school for extra help. This interfered with his job. Finally,he took some initiative and spoke to his boss,who agreed to let him continue to work there and pay him for the hours he could show up for. The boy worked together with his teachers during those after hours and improved his grades beyond what I expected.
Overall,Holden turned into someone productive,a good investment. Although his journey started at that institution,I can only believe that it was my ultimatum which truly caused the change in the boy's behavior.
