A/N:This is an AU. I don't own Septimus Heap. I recommend reading chapter 19 of Fyre before reading this. The chapter is titled What Might Have Been.
What Might Have Been
On Midwinter's evening,a baby princess is born with black hair and large violet eyes.
"Isn't she beautiful?" Queen Cerys asks the ExtraOrdinary Wizard and his Apprentice.
They nod and smile. She is.
On Midwinter's night,a baby wizard is born with straw-colored curls and dull grey eyes."Won't he be Magykal?" Sarah Heap asks her six sons.
They laugh and clap their hands. He will be.
OoOoOoO
The bullet the Assassin fires misses the Queen and hits the ExtraOrdinary Wizard,but not before the Apprentice uses a Freeze spell on him. She stands at her tutor's side begging him to hold on.
Alther Mella uses his final breaths to convince Marcia Overstrand not to save him,to take the Amulet,and to run with the Queen and the Princess.
Marcia is trying not to cry as they leave,and the Queen holds the baby Princess close,stopping at the door to whisper,"Thank you,Alther."
The Apprentice hides Queen Cerys and little Oceana in the Wizard Tower for the night. Only in the privacy of her new ExtraOrdinary Wizard rooms does Marcia finally burst into tears.
OoOoOoO
The midwife wraps up the baby wizard in bandages so only his nose sticks out and tucks him under her arm. Sarah Heap and the boys look on in shock and she runs to the door.
"Dead!" the midwife cries over her shoulder,pushing past Silas on the way out.
"He's dead," Sarah says helplessly. "He's dead and she's taken him away."
Silas drops the bundle of herbs meant for little Septimus on his wife's lap. Sarah bursts into tears.
OoOoOoO
Princess Oceana Cerys grows up comfortably in the lavish Port Palace,hidden to all but the Royalty and their cook. Septimus Heap grows up as Boy 412 in the Young Army,pinched and scared and trusting no one but Boy 409
OoOoOoO
Marcia Overstrand finds Boy 412 buried in the snow after coming back from an errand one day. She revives him after digging him out and decides to take him with her to the Keeper's cottage to pick up The Undoing of the Darkeness. He is someone that can be saved from the illogical prejudice against Wizards,and Marcia intends to do just that. Especially when she finds out Boy 412 is Magyk.
One thing leads to another,and then DomDaniel disappears into the mud and the Castle is saved. Marcia asks Boy 412 to be her Apprentice for the fourth time.
He holds the silver winged charm in his hand and smiles. "Yes. I would like to be your Apprentice very much."
Marcia is more relieved and happy than she has ever been before.
OoOoOoO
The Queen,Milo Banda,and their son and three daughters arrive at the Palace and take over once more.
The ExtraOrdinary Wizard finally has an Apprentice and together they rid the Wizard Tower of the remnants of Darkeness.
Everything is as it should be.
OoOoOoO
Oceana Cerys is the Crown Princess,the eldest of the four royal children. She is the princess of the castle and mountains,the Wizard Tower and the Ramblings,the boatyard and the lapis lazuli inlaid into everything. The princess of Wizards and Witches,Light and Darke.
She doesn't understand Magyk,but she's the princess of that,too. Oceana sometimes wishes she did,that she was a small part of the world that will forever be locked to her. But there has never been a Magykal Queen yet and that is not about to change anytime soon.
OoOoOoO
Boy 412 is watching Marcia Overstand terrorize her coffee pot and wondering the best way to ask her his question. He has been thinking for a week now.
"Marcia?"
"Yes,what is it?"
"Remember when you said- well I was thinking and- you said- I mean,I think you said- and-"
Marcia sits down and faces her Apprentice with a stern expression. "412,if this is about getting a pet,the answer is no. No rabbits,no lizards,no birds. I already told you."
"That's not what I was going to say!" Boy 412 is offended.
"Well,what is it then?"
"Remember when I became your Apprentice,you said I could have anything I wanted and all the time in the world to think of it?" he asks.
"Yes..." Marcia says thoughtfully. "I could get you some green python boots with purple laces."
"No,thank you."
"What do you want then?"
Boy 412 turns the dragon ring on his finger around and around,running his his fingertips over the pure gold and emerald.
Marcia taps her pointy purple python clad foot on the ground impatiently and lets out a pointed sigh.
"I want to know who I am."
Marcia stops tapping.
"Can you do that?" Boy 412 asks,worried.
"Of course I can. Come,I'll take you to the Keeper's Cottage. We'd better hurry;the full moon is in four days."
OoOoOoO
Oceana sits at the window waiting for her father to return from his trip. Although she is a Princess,she is also a sailor's daughter and has the coming and goings of the tides memorized,the way her namesake moves in and out. She knows he will be at the Palace soon. Rowenna,Cynthia,and Cassius are next to her on the balcony,listening to the sounds of the people in the Palace below. It is a busy place at this time of the day.
After half an hour,Oceana sees her father,Milo Banda,walk past and blows him a kiss while her siblings wave delightedly. He blows her a kiss back with a large smile and heads towards the golden doors.
They rush down the stairs to get their Mama,and then stand at the doors to greet him. Mama runs her hand through Oceana's hair and smiles at her.
"You're doing well in your studies. You'll be a wonderful Queen someday," she says,and Oceana leans into her and smiles back. She doesn't know what she'd do without her.
Milo opens the doors and holds out his arms. His children knock him over with the force of their hugs,and Queen Cerys laughs and pulls him up.
OoOoOoO
"Sarah Heap!" Marcia yells into the door,tapping her foot. She knocks once more and considers breaking it down with Magyk.
"Yes?" Sarah finally opens The Big Red Door. Her curly straw-colored hair is identical to Marcia's Apprentice,who is currently hiding behind his tutor's robes. "Marcia! What a... pleasant surprise!"
"I have come to deliver your son," Marcia announces.
"Nicko?" Sarah sees a pair of boots behind Marcia,but she can't tell whose. "You don't need to deliver any of my sons,they know where they live."
Marcia steps aside to reveal a boy who looks like a mixture of Jo-Jo and Simon. "I have come to deliver Septimus."
OoOoOoO
Nicko Heap steps back to inspect the boat,painted in swirls of emerald,turquoise,and silver. It is a gaudy boat,he is sure,but it is not in his place to say so when the boat is meant for the Prince. He passes the paintbrush to Rupert Gringe,who does some fancy hand work to glaze it over.
"You know," Nicko says. "I had a dream last night."
Rupert rolls his eyes. "That's remarkable."
Nicko ignores the comment and plows on. "I had a dream when the Crown Princess was our little sister. Mad isn't it? I wonder how she would have turned out if she grew up with us."
"Probably still a snob," Rupert replies.
Nicko doesn't answer and watches the colors swirl together on the boat inlayed with lapis lazuli under his multicolored tiny braids. He remembers the Princess from his dream being a little girl who wore rough clothes with her golden circlet and wrestled with her brothers in the mud. She was most definitely not a snob.
OoOoOoO
Oceana Cerys is the Princess of all things in Castle and beyond,but she still likes playing with dolls,especially the little princess doll modeled after her that her father had gotten for her sixth birthday on one of his travels.
The doll slips out of her hands and goes flying one day on Oceana's walk.
"JENNA!" she yells. She runs through the twisting and winding roads,pushing past people in their comings and goings in desperate attempts to catch the doll.
A few feet away a boy with straw colored curls leaps up and catches it. A woman beside him,who also has straw-colored curls,brushes off the doll and hands it back to Oceana.
"This is beautiful doll," the woman tells her. "I'm Sarah Heap,and this is Septimus." The boy beside her gives a timid wave,and Oceana suddenly recognizes him as the ExtraOrdinary Apprentice. It is odd to see him without his hat on;she had subconsciously thought he was bald.
"Thank you,Madam Heap," Oceana puffs. "And thank you Bo- Septimus." She wonders how the little orphan Apprentice got a mother and a name.
"You're welcome," Septimus replies.
"Did you call her Jenna? It's a lovely name," Sarah Heap says.
"Yes,it is."
"If I had a daughter,I'd call her Jenna," Sarah says wistfully.
Oceana Cerys gives a curtsy and smiles and continues on her way. Jenna Heap does have a nice sound to it,she thinks.
The End
A/N:That was my first fanfiction. I'm sorry if it wasted your time.
