A/N:I don't own Septimus Heap. In the first part of this fic,they're ten,then thirteen,then fifteen,then seventeen,then nineteen,then twenty-three,and then finally twenty-eight.
This is meant to be platonic,because this is the way I act with my brother,but you can totally see it any way you want. 
Seven Times Septimus Danced With Jenna
i.
The Big Freeze has set in,and the Keeper's Cottage would be perfectly silent if Jenna hadn't decided that she just had to dance with Nicko. Boy 412 listens to them dancing and crashing into the wall as he reads from a big stack of books,glad that he isn't in Nicko's place.
"One-two-three,one-two— Oh!" Jenna falls back and nearly knocks over Aunt Zelda's desk. "Nicko," she scolds. "You're supposed to go backward when I go forward."
Nicko blinks. "Huh?"
Jenna heaves a sigh,and Nicko says,"I don't get this dancing thing thing. Can't you do it on your own?"
"No,it's a waltz. You need two people. And you—" Jenna stops mid sentence and looks up at the third occupant of the room. "Boy 412?"
Boy 412 looks up nervously from his book on Magyk as Jenna makes way across the rug. She holds out her hand to him.
"Will you dance with me?" she asks.
Boy 412 does not know if he should nod or not. He doesn't know how to dance,so if he nods he might make a fool of himself. But if he doesn't,Jenna and Nicko will be disappointed,and he doesn't want that. He wants them to like him.
Very slowly,he nods. Jenna beams,which makes him smile. Jenna can always make him smile.
"It's easy," she says,ignoring Nicko shaking his head in the background. "Come on. Just put your hand on my waist..."
After a bit they are waltzing slowly across the floor to the sound of Nicko pretending to be a- very bad- one man orchestra.
First Boy 412 keeps stepping on her feet,but soon he gets used to the movements,and they began to move a little faster. Then they dance even faster,and faster,until they can't tell whose feet are whose or breathe for laughing so hard.
Boy 412 is so glad he met the Princess girl and Wizard boy. He wonders what it was he did to end up this lucky.
ii.
Jenna is looming over Septimus's desk in his room- he's not even sure how she got there- and casting shadows over the Charms he's supposed to be copying for Marcia. It's getting rather irritating,especially as Jenna's voice keeps rising octaves higher.
"Sep! Sep! Septimus! Septimus Heap!" her voice drills into Septimus's ears. "Are you even listening?"
"Ouch. Yes. I am now," Septimus says,wincing as he rubs his ears. "Jen,can you move please? You're blocking my book."
"Sep," Jenna persists,not budging. "Can you come outside?"
"Why would I go outside? I need to finish this for Marcia in three days,or I can't have the day off on her birthday."
"Three days is a looong time. Marcia is so strict. Can you come so I won't look stupid? It won't take long."
"Marcia isn't— What won't take long?"
Jenna pulls a face. "You haven't been listening then. I promised the Castle kids I'd play Here We Go 'Round the Wizard Tower with them a while back,and I'll look stupid if I'm the only one over ten."
"Well..."
"Oh,Sep,please come," Jenna begs. "It won't be that fun without you."
"...Alright," Septimus says. Jenna smiles at him,and Septimus grins back as she pulls him outside. He still isn't tired of her smile.
Septimus grabs hands with Barney Pot and Jenna,who hold onto Lily Orrein with her free hand. They dance in a circle,singing,"Here we go 'round the Wizard Tower..."
After the first round they start again,singing increasingly off key. They dance again and again,until Barney suddenly trips and pulls everyone onto the ground with him in a giant heap as he falls. Septimus kicks Jenna off his legs and she sticks her tongue out at him.
"I'm glad you made me come," he says as he untangles himself from the pile of kids.
Jenna is about to reply,but she is cut off by Marcia's voice yelling sharply across the yard. "Septimus! Where have you been? You know you have work to do! Septimus?"
Septimus says a very rude word. Jenna giggles and pulls him to his feet.
iii.
Jenna may be the Queen,but that doesn't stop her from acting extremely undignified at times. She is being twirled around in the early morning light of the Wizard Way by Simon,and both of them laughing so hard that they are half choking.
"When I was little you used to let me stand on your feet," Jenna complains,giggling.
"Yes,but you're not little anymore," Simon counters. "If you did that now I'd fall over." He twirls his sister extra hard and lets go,sending Jenna flying into Nicko,who catches her by the waist.
"Oof. Jen,what have you been eating?"
"Rude boy." Jenna makes a face at him that suddenly transforms into a smile. "Nicko? Dance with me?"
"Nope," Nicko says. "Make Sep do it."
Septimus tries to hide behind Simon,who realizes what he's trying to do and grabs Lucy and twirls her around. Septimus scowls and proceeds to mentally disown him.
"I wish I had siblings," Rose says wistfully. Septimus had brought her along so the three of them- Jenna,him,and Rose- could quietly do something together,but then Jenna had too much chocolate and pulled Simon and Lucy out of their house,and everything went haywire. Septimus was not even sure how Nicko had gotten there.
"You can have mine," Septimus mutters,and then asks. "Want to dance?"
Rose looks pleased and takes his offered hand. "But I thought you didn't want to?"
"Just not with Jen," Septimus whispers,and Rose laughs. He twirls her around along the Wizard Way,ignoring Jenna sticking her tongue out at his back.
As they move farther away from Nicko and Jenna,Septimus can hear a door opening and Jenna saying,"Beetle! Dance with me?"
He doesn't hear Beetle's reply,but out of the corner of his eye he can see Jenna's red and gold skirt flaring out as she is twirled. Soon the Wizard Way is filled with couples dancing- Septimus has no idea where they came from- and children weaving in and out,laughing. He lets go of Rose for moment and they are both grabbed by someone. Rose by Foxy and Septimus by Jenna. He smiles at Rose and turns to his sister.
"Dance with me?"
"Do I have a choice?"
"No," Jenna laughs,taking his hands.
They twirl down the Wizard Way,laughing and laughing until afternoon sunlight fills the sky and the crowd departs. Soon only they,Simon,Lucy,Nicko,and Rose are left,but Septimus and Jenna are too busy laughing to notice.
iv.
Septimus knows that everyone expects him to be happy,thrilled that his Apprenticeship is over,but his heart is breaking a little as he looks around the Wizard Tower and realizes that nothing will be the same again. Septimus gently untangles himself from Sarah and wanders over to the refreshments table,where he finds himself standing next to Marcia.
"I'm not your Apprentice anymore," he tells her gloomily.
"Everyone else is celebrating;you should go join them," Marcia replies,but Septimus can tell she is as upset as him.
He moves a little closer and then Marcia is suddenly hugging him,engulfing him in her cloak. "I'll miss you."
Septimus leans into the hug. "I really loved being your Apprentice. You were a great tutor," he says into the folds of her cloak. "And... well... you practically raised me. You were great at that,too."
Marcia makes a sound that suspiciously resembles crying,which is ridiculous because he has never seen Marcia Overstrand cry. But when Septimus finally lets go,Marcia wipes her eyes on a handkerchief and Septimus sees that is exactly what she is doing.
"Go back to your friends," Marcia says in an oddly thick voice. "They'll be worried."
Septimus squeezes her arm before letting go and making his way across the room,congratulations and cheers coming at him from all directions.
"Congrats,Sep!" Beetle slaps him on the back joyfully,and then sees his best friends slightly strained smile. "Well,I guess you're not too happy. Time goes by really fast,doesn't it?"
Septimus nods. "I still remember meeting you for the first time. When I was ten."
"Me too—" Beetle's reply is cut off by another round of cheers. "We should talk later. When you feel like it. How 'bout tomorrow?"
"That would be great."
After Beetle leaves,Septimus makes his way towards the door for a quick walk outside to clear his head. But as he approaches the door,he hears a shout.
"Hey,Sep! Wait up!" Jenna calls,bouncing little William Heap on her hip. She hands her nephew back to Lucy and runs over to her brother.
"Hey,Jen," Septimus says tiredly.
"Let's go." Jenna links her arm through his and they slip out the door. "Seventeen and a half," she says as soon as they are outside."I feel old,don't you?"
"I think my Apprenticeship ending makes me feel older," he replies as they began to walk.
Jenna stops abruptly as they come to an open space. "Let's dance."
"Dance? What?"
"It'll calm you down,clear your head. Come on,Sep."
And so they dance. They dance and turn and twirl,Jenna stepping lightly over the ground,her skirt billowing out,while Septimus tries to imitate her a little more clumsily.
When they are too tired the dance anymore,they fall onto the ground,with Jenna resting her head on her brother's shoulder.
"Jen," Septimus says after a few minutes of companionable silence.
"Yeah?"
"At least you can't boss me around with your book anymore."
Jenna opens her mouth and closes it."I'm sure there's something about ex-ExtraOridnary Apprentices in there. I shall go check as soon as I go home."
Septimus sticks his tongue out at her and smiles. He knows one thing that will be constant his whole life- his annoying,brilliant,amazing,snobbish Queen of a sister.
v.
Jenna is clutching a letter that looks new but very thumbed to her chest,silent tears dripping down her face. She looks very small in the giant throne room,like a pile of red and gold silk. Septimus stands at the doorway,watching his sister. He knows what that letter says. After a few minutes,Septimus walks up to her and puts a hand on her shaking shoulder.
"It'll be alright,Jen," he whispers. "Milo will be fine."
Jenna turns to face him,and Septimus realizes that this is only the second time he's seen her cry.
"They say he might not recover," she sobs. "Why did he have to go and get shipwrecked?" Jenna grabs onto Septimus and buries her face onto her brother's chest.
Septimus puts his arms around her waist and slowly stands up. Jenna doesn't look up from where her face is pressed and ruining his tunic.
"Jen," he says,and then gets stuck. He wants to say the perfect thing so that she will know it's alright,something to make her feel better.
And then Septimus suddenly knows what to do.
"Let's dance."
They revolve slowly in a circle without twirling or jumping or spinning,just swaying slightly from side to side. Jenna keeps her face in Septimus's tunic the whole time. He can hear her muffled sobs echo across the large and empty room.
"It'll be alright,Jen," Septimus says. "Just you wait."
"I hope so," Jenna whispers. "Thank you,Sep."
Septimus doesn't answer. Instead he rests his head on top of hers,wishing the situation was different,that they were laughing and twirling and that Milo was fine. Jenna leans into the touch,wishing the same just as desperately,if not more.
vi.
Septimus is sitting between Tod and Marcia,still trying to process the fact that it's Jenna's wedding. Jenna's wedding. He didn't really think Beetle- his brother now- would actually ask her out,let alone end up marrying her.
"Aren't you going to give Beetle the suitor's talk?" Tod asks,twisting in her newly starched Apprentice tunic. Her question startles Septimus out of his thoughts.
"What? Why?" he asks,looking towards where Tod is pointing. There is a group of six Heaps surrounding Beetle,who looks extremely overwhelmed. Near by,Jenna is scowling at them,particularly Simon,who is alluding to the fact he will use Darke Magyk on Beetle if he hurts his little sister.
"I think there are enough people doing it all ready. And if anyone needs the suitor's talk,it would be Jenna. She's a spitfire. Not the dragon,the adjective. Anyway,I'll give her one later."
Tod giggles and opens her mouth to say something,but Ferdie materializes out of nowhere and drags her away. Septimus blinks and Marcia laughs.
"Where in the world did that girl come from?" Septimus asks incredulously.
Marcia just shakes her head and laughs again. Septimus grins and then tries to spot Jenna again in the crowd of people. Since it's the wedding of the Queen,every occupant of Castle is here,and it's a miracle that everyone actually fits into the courtyard. He sees her after a few minutes,dancing with Simon.
Jenna sees him watching and grins,before being twirled and let go by Simon. Sam catches her,and she begins to dance with him.
"What are they doing?" Septimus gets up and wanders over towards Jenna,who is being handed over to one of the twins.
"Dancing," Beetle,who heard his question,replies. Jo-Jo grabs Jenna by her waist and proves to be even worse at dancing than Nicko. Jenna winces in pain.
"Oh,poor Jen," Septimus says sympathetically. Jo-Jo,now done dancing,shoots him a glare.
"It's a tradition for the Queen or Princess to dance with their brothers on their wedding day," Jenna calls,now being spun very sloppily by Nicko. "My book says so."
Septimus pulls a face at her at turns to Beetle. "Congratulations,Beet."
"Thanks,Sep," Beetle grins.
"But between you and me,I'm glad I only have one sister. I really don't need anymore brothers after this."
"I had no idea they could be so violent though. I mean—"
"Sorry Beetle! I need to borrow Sep!" Jenna grabs her brother's arm and blows Beetle a kiss before dragging Septimus away.
"I'll be back!" he calls to his friend. Beetle grins at him and waves.
"Let's dance," Jenna says. "Thank goodness you're the only one left. My feet are sore."
"So all the Princesses and Queens danced with their brothers?" Septimus asks,smirking. "Even Esmeralda and Marcellus? I bet that was interesting to watch,with their shoes the way they are."
Jenna laughs. "Maybe I should ask him. And you know,I was the first Queen to be walked down the isle by two fathers. D'you think that would worth putting in the book?"
"You're allowed to write in it?"
"Yep. I'm so glad you're the ExtraOrdinary Wizard now. I missed bossing you around."
"Gee,thanks. I feel so special."
Jenna laughs again,and Septimus smiles,spinning her in a circle. She looks lovely in her traditional Royal red and gold wedding dress and circlet,but what makes her look the most beautiful is the happiness radiating from her eyes and face. Septimus realizes with a jolt that Jenna really is married now,that she is not just his sister,she is grown up with a husband and a Palace and possibly even children later. Whether they like it not,things are not going to be the same anymore.
"Why are you looking at me like that,Sep?" Jenna asks,sounding a little worried. "You look odd."
"Nothing. It's just..." Septimus begins to dance more slowly. "You're a great sister,Jen."
Jenna smiles the smile he likes so much,and he smiles back. "And you're an extraordinary brother,Sep."
vii.
Septimus still remembers his Graduation as clearly as though it was yesterday,so Tod's graduation comes as a surprise to him. He knew it would be ending soon,but Septimus really doesn't want it to be now. He watches his Apprentice- nineteen now- wearing the same bittersweet expression he wore all those years ago,flanked by Oskar and Ferdie Sarn on either side.
Septimus sighs. He really will miss her. And she will miss him,too. He is still trying to catch his breath after her suffocating hug. As he thinks about this,Septimus scans the room to try and spot Marcia. She is in the corner of the room with Simon,Lucy,and Marcellus,looking very irritated. She is arguing with Marcellus over something- probably Septimus himself or shoes- and Simon and Lucy are edging slowly away.
Septimus laughs. He'll talk to Marcia later. Now that he doesn't have an Apprentice anymore,there will be a long time in which to talk. Maybe hours and or even days to talk,as all the time previously spent in lessons with Tod will now be free.
There are a few Wizards dancing on the floor while Nicko tunelessly plays the flute. After a minute of cringing,Snorri Heap takes it from him and begins to play a high,sweet tune. Septimus moves closer to watch. This hadn't happened on his graduation day.
"Hey,Sep," Jenna calls from across the room,handing little Hypatia Heap back to her mother,Lucy. Septimus suddenly remembers her doing the same eleven years ago with William at his own graduation. "I'm coming over."
Jenna walks over to him and links her arm through his. She is wearing a fancier version of her Royal dress,made of blood red silk and shimmering gold,with heavy jewelry around her neck and wrists. She pauses to straighten out the wrinkles in the delicate cloth,before lifting up her face and grinning at her brother. A memory flits across Septimus's brain,one of when they were ten years old and Jenna wore rough tunics for clothes and a braided piece of yarn from Jo-Jo as a bracelet. He smiles as he thinks of how small she was,with her circlet the only sign of Royalty on her head and how she was even then bossy but sweet.
She's a good Queen,Septimus thinks. He wonders how so much and so little has changed in the past eighteen years since they met. It feels like another life to him when he remembers the stay at Aunt Zelda's cottage.
"Sep. Sep! I'm talking to you,can you hear?" Jenna waves her hand with the diamond ring on her finger in front of his face,startling Septimus out of his thoughts.
"Oh! What is it,Jen?" he asks,turning to her.
"Want to dance?"
"Dance?"
"Yes,dance. Afterwards you can dance with Tod,too. I'd think she'd like that. Kind of like a father-daughter dance,except it'll be mentor-apprentice," Jenna says brightly,her violet eyes shining.
"Ex-Apprentice," Septimus corrects glumly.
"No need to be picky." Jenna holds out her hand for him to take. "Will you dance with me?"
Septimus looks into her eyes and sees a little Princess girl do the same to a small boy from the Young Army in a cottage hidden in the Marram Marshes eighteen years ago. He does the same thing the Young Army boy had done. He nods.
Jenna folds her hands over his and leads him to the middle of the floor. She pauses for a second and scrunches up her forehead. "When did so much taller than me?" Jenna asks accusingly.
Septimus rolls his eyes. "I've been more than a head taller than you for nearly one and half decades."
Jenna shrugs and says,"Come on,let's dance."
Septimus doesn't answer,thinking of times long gone.
"Oh,Sep,just put your hand on my waist,I know you know how to dance. It's the waltz." Jenna looks up with laughing eyes that suddenly fill with concern. "Sep?"
"Oh,Jen..." Septimus puts a hand on her waist and begins to slowly rotate. "What was it that I did to end up this lucky?"
Jenna beams at him,and he smiles back. After all this time,he still loves her smile. "Luck has nothing to do with it," she says,resting her forehead on his shoulder. "Let's dance."
Septimus leans into her touch and spins her around in a waltz. People are laughing and clapping in the background,all the residents of the Castle that he knows by name now:Wizards,Witches,Alchemists,Apprentices,farmers,shoemakers,tinkers,fishers,and all the others,their laughing faces shining in the purple light from the top of the Wizard Tower. He sees Tod a few feet away,dancing a strange three people dance with Ferdie and Oskar. She waves and he waves back,no longer sad but unexplainable happy. Septimus turns back to his sister,marveling at the fact that they are still best friends after so long.
"I love you,Sep," Jenna says,her voice sounding a little choked.
"I love you too,Jen," Septimus whispers. He takes her hand and spins her around,dancing the same dance that they did in Aunt Zelda's cottage during the Big Freeze all those years ago.
The End
A/N:This wasn't my best work,but please review. Constructive criticism would be helpful.
