A/N:I have no idea what this is,but here you go. It takes place between Magyk and Flyte. I don't own Septimus Heap.
Epsilon Scorpii,this is dedicated to you,because of your amazing Simon stories. But I'm not sure if you still read Sep Heap fanfiction:P
Curlicues of Magyk
When Simon does Magyk,time seems to slow down and he feels complete. Cerulean and amber and silver fireworks burst behind his eyelids and his racing thoughts suddenly make perfect sense. For a moment.
He sometimes does Magyk to tune out the loudness that comes with so many siblings,to fix something or the other,to perform a little trick,but mostly because it gives him escape and makes him powerful..*.*.
The Heaps have gone through situations and problems before,but everything they go through they go through as a family.
No matter what happens,it all seems to come down to the seven Heap sibling in the aftermath and dust,shaking out their curls or stick straight hair and getting up to face the world.
But straight haired Jenna had turned out to be a cuckoo and had taken over their nest of nine,taken it over and left the seven Heap sibling separated,spread all over the Castle.
She's not his sister,just a silly little girl who turned out to be the Princess and brought down their world.
Simon is left in Border Mountains,riding Thunder over rocks and hills and crumbly roads in the aftermath to distract him from the ache inside.
He doesn't have a home to go back to anymore..*.*.
DarkeMagyk is beautiful. It captivates and compels and sickens you and it's powerful. It's a twisted kind of beautiful.
Simon is swept into it's tide and hopes he won't be pulled under. He is the only Heap who never learned to swim..*.*.
Because brothers don't let each other wander in the dark alone - Jolene Perry.*.*.
Simon is brilliant.
Sam is the leader,Edd and Erik are eccentric,JoJo is quietly clever,Nicko is a sailor,and Jenna is the baby girl. Simon is brilliant and ambitious and analytical and critical,but in the end it doesn't matter because for any sibling he will go to the ends of the earth.
Would go to the ends of the earth.
He's always been the odd one out. It's always been NickoandJenna,EddandErik,SamandJoJo,and then him and his dusty Magyk books.
Maybe if Septimus had never been taken away,they would have been SimonandSeptimus.
Sometimes he wakes up and thinks he is home,and he can feel Jenna and Nicko jumping on him,trying to get him up. He thinks he is going to take Jenna by the hand and lead her to the fire,where they will sit and he will tell stories of horses and mountains and heavy rain and the crazy dreams he's had,and all the siblings would crowd around and it would be the seven Heap siblings against the world all over again.
Except it really was always six. He just doesn't know which of them two never truly belonged.
The blurriness leaves his eyes to stare blankly at grey stone walls of the cave,feeling so lonely that it hurts..*.*.
When Simon does Magyk,he forgets all of this,his worries,his dreams and anger fading away. It doesn't matter that so-called Septimus has taken the place he has worked for all his life when there is a spell to be done. It doesn't matter that he is all alone if he can just get this charm right.
The Magyk bursts from his fingers and flows from his lips in cerulean and amber swirls,jade green and silver fireworks bursting behind his eyelids and in his head,and it is natural and beautiful.
Darke Magyk clouds the sane part of his brain. He only sees the beauty.
Simon wants to capture those moments in a jar and relive them over and over again..*.*.
He has come a long way from the little boy trying and failing to teach Jenna spells. The chaotic days curled up with a book in the Ramblings are long gone. Those are faded memories,almost surreal,in a world where curlicues of ebony DarkeMagyk swirl around his head,where he rides Thunder faster than the wind over boulders and twisted paths,where a faded picture of his Lucy is never taken out of his sight.
Jenna's tenth birthday feels like an end of an era,an era filled with laughter and sibling rivalry and The Big Red Door and meat stew and endless board games and cupboard beds and pumpkin bread and books on the floors and walls and and and...
He thinks if he sees his siblings again,they won't be his siblings. They won't be the people he played hide and seek with and chased around the Ramblings.
That is a whole life gone. He was the odd one out before. He doesn't want to face these familiar strangers and see what he is now.
Simon can't afford to think about those memories,instead focusing on the here and now..*.*.
For him,the here and now is writing to Lucy in the light of the spring sun after the storm,the cave floor cool underneath his bare feet. It is the crunch of autumn leaves under Thunder's hooves,the swish of snow in the winter night and the crackling of fire,the sound of Magyk billowing out and being whirled and twirled in a rainbow of cerulean and amber and ebony above scorching summer stone.
The here and now is when he feels alive..*.*.
Darke Magyk is a fickle thing. It fogs his head. Happiness is bursts in rare moments.
Occasionally it seems as if these moments do not belong to him,too wonderful and harmonious to be real. They resemble the stories their father used to read Jenna,the ones the boys always pretended not to listen to,except Simon is not as brave and noble as he would like to be,he is a brilliant and foolish nineteen year old trying to escape. His beautiful princess in her palace is obstreperous and eccentric Lucy in the gatehouse,and his loyal steed is the unpredictable and easily annoyed Thunder. The mysterious forest is a range of unforgiving and steep mountains,littered with boulders and sharp stones. His Magyk is tinted with silver and ebony,while the Wizard's was pure gold..*.*.
So it is nothing like Jenna's stories,for the brave Wizard would have married the princess long ago and never given Thunder and the Border Mountains a second glance.
Sometimes he thinks that makes it all better. It's not a fairy tale;it's his reality.
And soon he will be ExtraOrdinary Wizard,which the Wizard in the story never was..*.*.
It's his reality,an alternate universe from the one he shared with his siblings,the one where they would go through anything the world threw at them together. He is left in the aftermath alone this time,shaking the dust from his curls.
But he isn't alone. He has Lucy and Thunder and his Magyk,and he sometimes thinks it's better than nothing.
Other times he thinks it's better than everything. They will get through this together,and they will be alright.
The End
A/N:That was the weirdest thing I ever wrote,but it was getting dusty in my folder. So sorry if the sections are too disjointed or the flow isn't right. I've had this for a while and I just had to put it up. And I know that Simon can swim and that Magyk doesn't come in weird colors,but whatever. Please review if you enjoyed it (or if you don't,tell me what I did wrong).
And I'm writing a HP/SH crossover oneshot,and I wanted to know what subjects the Hogwarts students take if they want to go into politics. Thanks!
