Trying something new here. These are not in chronological order.
i. Beginning
The Palace was beautiful.
Jenna huddled against the window,staring out onto the scattered houses below. The night was still. She wouldn't cry. She wouldn't.
"You'll be a fine Princess," Sir Hereward had said before she climbed up to bed.
I won't,she had wanted to reply. I don't know how.
But the sun rose the next day over the jagged mountains,flooding light into the beginning of her strange new world,and she knew she had to try.
She wouldn't cry. She wouldn't.
Jenna was terrified. Her resolve broke,and she burst into tears.

Review to tell me how it was,please.

ii. Photograph 
She finds it under a stack of dusty heirloom books,and her face lights up when she sees it in its tattered,tea stained glory. It's a photograph of her and Simon beside an embarrassingly sloppy snow man. Simon is swinging her around,and she is laughing,frozen in mid-twirl,while snow falls from the grey-blue sky.
Jenna remembers when that photo was taken. It was nearly the end of winter,when she was seven and Simon fifteen,and she had built a snowman all on her own. She had been proud of it back then,but she realizes now it had looked more like a pile of snow. And then Simon had shepherded them inside and attempted to make hot chocolate. He had burned both the drink and the pan,but never wanted to admit to mistakes,so he pretended it was supposed to be that way.
Her smile falters a little. It has been more than a year since she has seen him,or any of her forest brothers. One year,four months,twenty-one days,and seven hours.
Jenna puts the photograph away and decides that when Simon comes back,they will take a million photos together.
A/N:And then when Simon comes back,he kidnaps her... mwa ha ha. I'll do some happy ones,too,in case you were wondering.

A/N:For Septimusjennashipping. So sorry that this doesn't have enough romance;every time I tried I completely messed it up.
If anyone reading this ships JennaxBeetle,I think I'll write a drabble on that too,because I do.
iii. Look
Wherever Septimus went,he was used to apparently beautiful women throwing themselves at him. It happened so often that,after a while,he began to wonder if these women really were beautiful. They wouldn't look twice at him if he wasn't the ExtraOrdinary Apprentice;they were shallow and fame seeking and therefore the most hideous women he had seen. He didn't want any of their attention.
Any of them,except for Jenna,who was ironically the only girl not to actively seek his attention. The stress of running a kingdom had finally caught up to her;she didn't have time for anyone,nowadays. Her expression was constantly focused and her eyes were dull from a lack of sleep.
The stress had finally caught up to her,and it had been so long since Septimus had seen her smile properly. He decided to ask her to the ball at the Wizard Tower Marcia was hosting,and make her truly happy,so she would smile and her would eyes twinkle like she deserved. She was a unique girl,always sitting straight and primly and then in the next moment throwing the mask away to dance in the rain. Septimus had never seen a girl who could compare Jenna before,and in his eyes she was the most beautiful one of all.
A/N:Mostly these drabbles will be from Jenna's point of view,but a few aren't,like this one.

iv.Round
"The Earth isn't flat."
Jenna rolled her eyes. Septimus was rattling off facts he learned from Marcia like a parrot again,as he always did whenever he saw her. He was peering at her over the top of his dusty book,which Jenna found highly disturbing. It was his day off,after all.
"What do you mean,the Earth isn't flat? Is this some loony Wizard thing?" she scoffed.
Septimus glared at her and then disappeared behind his book. "Wizards aren't loony. And anyway,it's true. The Earth is round."
"Yes,they are. And it isn't. It's flat," Jenna replied in her best Princess voice. "Haven't you seen a map?"
"No,they aren't. And it is round," Septimus muttered sulkily,sounding for all the world like a petulant five year old. He had more in common with Simon than either of them realized. "And haven't you seen a globe?"
"A globe?"
"Marcia has one. And the Earth is round."
"Keep on telling yourself that,Sep," Jenna sighed. Sometimes she wondered if the Wizards had a whole other definition of logic.

v.Knowledge
"Schadenfreude is a word," Septimus argued. He was hanging upside down from a tree and noisily eating a banana. Earlier that day,Nicko had told him it would come out of his nose if he did that and apparently Septimus wanted to see if it was true. Jenna did not.
"Then what does it mean?" she asked,hands on her hips.
"Pleasure at someone else's misfortune."
Septimus was wearing his 'you're going to call me silly even though I'm not' face,but she didn't know why. Instead she looked at him with admiration.
"Is there anything you don't know?" she asked.
Septimus flipped upwards so he was now sitting on the branch. "Well,I don't know how many times you were dropped on your head when you were growing up," he replied teasingly.
Jenna began to consider this. "Well,Jo-Jo dropped me down a flight of stairs when I was one,so that would be twenty five times. And that other time when Sam mistook me for the ball..." She fiddled with her circlet,like she always did when thinking. "Oh,and when mum accidentally dropped me out the window once! I don't know how many times the twins used to drop me,though... hmm..."
"Sam mistook you for a ball?" Septimus asked incredulously.
"The real ball was really squishy,in his defense," Jenna replied.
Septimus looked at her carefully. "You are for real,right?"
"Yes?"
"Sheesh,if that was how many times you hit your head,I wonder what happened to Nicko."
Jenna shook her head despairingly. "You don't want to know."

A/N- thanks for the reviews,guest,but I'm actually Pakistani. One of my friends is German,though.
vi.Apologize
Simon opens the Ballroom door for her,and it hits against her foot and leaves her sprawled on the richly carpeted floor.
"Sorry," he says,pulling her up and checking her for injuries.
(She knows he is apologizing for something far bigger.)
"It's okay," Jenna replies stiffly. There is a shallow cut on her ankle.
(She doesn't know if she forgives him.)
"Jen," he says,his eyes falling onto her foot,"I thi- it'll be alright."
"Yes,of course," she replies. She walks into the room with her eyes focused straight ahead.
(She isn't quite sure if she believes him.)
The next chapter will hopefully be better:P

vii.Mad
Jenna and Beetle looked at each other,and then at Septimus's bowl,and then back again.
"What?" Septimus asked,shoveling porridge into his mouth. "You're both staring at me."
"Sep," Beetle said slowly,"you just put a whole jar of sugar into your porridge."
"So?"
"And then you put in half a bottle of syrup," Jenna added. "You're mad,do you know how much sugar you eat?"
"Not that much," Septimus replied defensively. He reached for the syrup,but Beetle moved it less than an inch out of reach. He sat there with his arm stretched out for a minute,and then gave up and dropped it back down.
"Oh,come on,you just have to scoot forward a little," Beetle said in disbelief. "You're so lazy."
"Whatever." Septimus grabbed the jar of sugar instead,and tried to coax out the last grains over his bowl.
"Didn't you just go to the dentist with Marcia yesterday?" Jenna asked.
Septimus went pale. "We don't talk about the dentist."
"I can see why," Beetle muttered. Jenna laughed.

viii. Restless
There is a storm raging outside,thumping against the windows,overflowing the rivers and crashing against the stone walls. The wind howls and trees shake,pink and white flowers sailing by with each gust. Rain falls in sheets and the trees threaten to be uprooted. Lighting flashes,illuminating the whole beautiful,destructive,wonderful cacophony.
Jenna feels restless.
She would give anything to dance outside in the rain.

ix.Snowflakes
"And then you hold it in your hand and say-"
"Si,it's snowing," Jenna interrupted,gazing lovingly out the window.
"I know," Simon said exasperatedly. "It's been snowing for five hours. Are you even listening to the lesson?"
"Yes," Jenna replied,not looking up. She heaved open the window with her scrawny eight year-old arms,and a few snowflakes drifted in.
"No,no Jens,we don't..." Simon trailed off. "You know what,I give up. But I thought you wanted green eyes."
"Yes," Jenna said,her eyes still fixed on the falling snow.
"So you want green eyes but won't look up from the window."
"Yes."
"Next time,when I give you Magyk lessons,I'm going to make sure it's summer and we are far,far,far away from any windows," Simon grumbled. He could feel a headache coming on.
Jenna wasn't listening. She watched a snowflake fall onto the window sill and laughed as it melted. Simon rolled his eyes.
A/N:It would be really nice if someone took a minute to review this:)

A/N:Thanks for the review,Septimusjennashipping. I wouldn't get annoyed if you reviewed everyday,but I'm pretty sure you'd get bored:P
I just realized that nearly all my readers are German. I like your flag:D
x.Diamonds
Jenna loathed diamonds,and Milo had bought them for her from his latest travels.
She wouldn't minded all that much if Milo hadn't said,"I know how much you love diamonds,Jenna,just like your mother."
Diamonds were horribly colorless and far too expensive to be large and not flashy. They didn't have any of the rich,deep colors that made other gems and jewels so beautiful to her. She loved rubies and amethysts and emeralds,but not diamonds,never diamonds.
She forced a smile onto her face. "They're lovely,Milo."
It would be far too hurtful to say what she was thinking right now.
Jenna loathed diamonds,but right now she loathed Milo even more. He said he loved her but he never bothered to find out if anything he thought was true. He didn't know her at all.

A/N:For septimusxjennashipping. This pairing still makes me uncomfortable,though.
Fun fact:I really dislike Jenna Heap. I just had so much fun exploring her character in Worlds Apart (My Sep Heap/Harry Potter crossover) that I decided to do this.
xi.Problem
Septimus Heap was a complete and utter dillop. He had been spending all his time with Jenna earlier that week- hanging off her every word and showering her with little gifts- and then she had caught him at Wizard's Sandwiches with Rose of all people. After that,he had ignored her for half a week,but Jenna had finally cornered him.
"What's the matter,Jen?" he asked,leaning against the wall and away from her penetrating glare. "Why do you look so angry? Is there a problem?"
"Don't,Septimus. You know what the problem is," she snapped. "Rose."
"What about Rose?"
"Septimus,you can't go telling me I'm beautiful and wonderful and brilliant and that you love me and then ignore me when I catch with another girl," Jenna snarled,stamping her foot. She knew it made her look like a little girl throwing a tantrum,but she honestly didn't care at the moment.
"But Jen,you are brilliant and beautiful and I really do love you," Septimus replied,sounding sulky. "You're the best friend anyone could ever ask for."
The best friend anyone could ask for. That stung,but Jenna knew he was just playing a silly game with her heart.
"Sep,if you're going to call me beautiful," she whispered,"Then please,please,just mean it. This isn't a game."
Septimus looked utterly confused,and all at once she realized that he really was that oblivious. Somehow,that made her feel even more hurt than before.

A/N:Septimusjennashipping:I actually don't know what made me write that last chapter. But I do know it was a lot easier to write than actual SepxJen. It was surprisingly fun.
I'm writing too many angsty drabbles...
xii. Haze
Jenna sorts them out into a intricately carved wooden box gilt in gold as though in a haze.
A teddy bear,a metal spoon,purple socks from her tenth birthday,a ribbon encrusted crown from her fourteenth,a pile of books with thumbed pages and tea stained covers,a cracked hand mirror,a bundle of letters,tied up in a paisley ribbon from her fourth birthday,a dried flower-
She is only half way done when the box is full,and she sinks down on the floor,dirtying her silk dress. It's overflowing with memories,and she sits and stares at it until the haze thickens and she feels dizzy. She is trying to imprint into her brain those discarded items because all good things come to an end.
Nostalgia is supposed to be sweet.
There is nothing sweet about childhood slipping through your fingers.

A/N:I'm putting the chapter name in the summery from now on...
xiii.Creative
"William," Septimus says,crouching down to face his nephew,"William,say ExtraOrdinary Apprentice."
William gives him an appraising look. "Book."
"That's too hard,Sep," Jenna says from her place behind the overcrowded couch. "He only knows one word right now. Have him say something easier. Like Queen."
William ignores them in favor of a ribbon on the floor. He stuffs it into his mouth,and Jenna wrinkles her nose.
"Do you know where that's been?" she demands.
Septimus rolls his eyes. "He's a baby,Jen. I pretty sure he doesn't."
Jenna flips her hair,which accidentally-on-purposely whacks Septimus in the face. "Back to business. Say Queen. Ka-ween."
"Queen has only one syllable."
"Shut up,Sep."
William just stares at them.
Septimus reaches into his pocket a draws out a bag of cookies. William's eyes grow comically large as he begins to open it.
"My good friend William," Septimus says seriously,"Say ExtraOrdinary Apprentice."
He puts a cookie down on the floor,and William snatches it up. In between bites,he mumbles something that Jenna thinks could probably pass for ExtraOrdinary Apprentice if you were half deaf and there was a bee buzzing next to your ear.
"HA!" Septimus leaps up and punches the air,and then proceeds to dance around the room,singing his nephew's praises.
"You cheated," Jenna whines. "You bribed him."
"You say po-tay-to,I say po-tah-to," Septimus replies. "It's not cheating. It's creative winning."

xiv.Wince
"Why are you staring at me like that?" Erik demanded.
"That's a terrible habit that will follow you into your adulthood," Jenna replied. She had obviously been spending too much time with Simon for it to be a good thing.
"What are you talking about?"
"You're biting your nails," Jenna wailed. "It's disgusting. I mean,ergh,how can you..."
"You're turning into to Simon," Erik grumbled. "Go bother him instead."
"But biting your nails is so unhygien-"
Erik cut her off by putting his hand up and biting hard into the nail. Jenna winced and then fled towards the safety of her cupboard bed. He bit his nail one more time for good measure- and in case Jenna had looked back. But she was still running off.
Good riddance to her.

A/N:Halfway done!:)
xv.Addiction
"I'm cutting down on sugar," Septimus informed Jenna and Beetle gravely over breakfast. "Marcia told me to."
Jenna raised her eyebrows. "Reeaally," she drawled sarcastically.
Septimus did not seem to notice the tone,and went about adding sugar to his coffee with the air of someone who had just attended a funeral.
"Sep," Beetle said,"I don't think adding half a tablespoon less of sugar counts as 'cutting down'."
"Yes it does," Septimus insisted. "I'm going slow." He then proceeded to reach for a bar of chocolate. Jenna wrinkled her nose.
"You already put ten tablespoons in your coffee,and now you're eating chocolate?" she asked incredulously. "That's what,your fourth bar?"
"And it's not even ten o' clock yet," Beetle added.
"Your point is?"
Jenna pinched the bridge of her nose. "You have such a sugar addiction,you know that?"
A/N:Sep's sugar obsession is my own headcanon. I was inspired by the fact that he drenches his porridge in syrup.
Out of curiosity,how many people reading this ship JennaxBeetle? And how many ship SepxJen?

xvi.Silver
The night sky is beautiful,an infinite blanket of obsidian with shards of silver. Jenna knows nearly each and every of those shards by name and location;she can recite them with her eyes closed. There are eleven stars she doesn't know,though,and so she is sitting on the balcony with Septimus and Beetle as midnight nears,trying to memorize them.
But she can't concentrate,and it isn't her fault. The sky is far too captivating to ignore in favor of dusty papers and thumbed note cards. She decides that she will just have to have eleven children named after those stars,so she'll have a fail proof way of remembering them. The thought almost makes her laugh,and she feels a pang of sympathy for her future children. She wouldn't want to be named- what were they called?- Virgo,for example.
She turns slightly and sees Beetle move into the moonlight,which shines silver beams on his shock of black. His brown eyes reflect the lights of stars and she smiles. When they have children,she decides,they will name them after the stars in the sky,but not names like Virgo. Beautiful,bold,and powerful names like Bellatrix and Epsilon and Polaris and Alnilam. And perhaps even Betelgeuse.
She tears her eyes away from Beetle and forces herself to look at the shards of silver in the blanket of obsidian instead. She's never going to memorize their names if she keeps on staring at him,after all.

A/N:Thanks so much to Guest for taking their precious time to review every chapter. I liked reading your comments to each one:)
Anouncement:Septimusjennashipping is writing a series of drabbles called Septimus and Jenna Drabbles. They're really well written and if you like these,I highly encourage you to read his.
xvii.Flowing
Jenna Heap is a brilliant dancer. Her hair and dress flows behind her with every graceful movement,and she never seems to miss a step. So beautiful and graceful is she,it sometimes appears as though she is made of flowing water.
Bo Tenderfoot hopes that one day she can dance half as good as her friend. But she knows that that is impossible,because whereas Jenna is water,Bo is block of earth,too dense and heavy to ever be graceful and flowing.

A/N:Forgot to answer a question I was asked in the reviews- About Milo,I do like him,but I think he didn't try hard enough with Jenna,and Jenna also wasn't open minded enough with him. They're both at fault in their relationship.
This is the only chapter that I really,really don't like:P
xviii.Dream
Sometimes Jenna likes to dream about the life she could have had. She likes to sit in the gardens and lose herself in fantasies of a busy Palace,of a brother and sisters,of a mother that knew the troubles that came with being Princess,of having a family that understood her. She wouldn't trade the Heaps for anything,but she still likes to dream.
"Do you ever wonder what it would be like if my mother- Cerys- hadn't died?" she asks Nicko out of the blue one day,when they are sitting in the gardens under her dreaming tree.
"Actually,no," Nicko replies,a bit startled from her unexpected question. "I guess you wouldn't be our sister,then."
"I feel like if she hadn't,it would be easier to be Queen. And I'd have a family who-" She stops at his peculiar expression.
"Do you wish you had grown up with them,then?" he asks.
Jenna looks at him,her tactless,annoying,graceless,unsubtle brother.
Her wonderful older brother.
"Of course not. Had I grown up as Princess then I never would have met you."

xix.Meaning
"Seventh!"
"Did you have too much sugar?" Septimus asked,crouched over his complicated Magyk papers.
"No," Jenna said. "I had no sugar whatsoever. Besides,don't you eat like,a bag a day?"
"I can hold my sugar. Unlike some people," Septimus retorted.
"Huh."
"If you haven't been eating sugar,why did you suddenly say 'seventh'?" Septimus asked,sounding slightly irritated.
"Oh,that!" Jenna exclaimed. "I just realized that Septimus means seventh."
"Congratulations. Your life now has a meaning."
Jenna frowned at the tone of his voice. He obviously didn't really care.

xx.Thank
Sometimes,Jenna thinks about how hard it must have been to raise a princess. She wasn't an easy child,she knows,always wanting things her way and hating to be be disobeyed. And her parents had taken it all in stride,never complaining once,even though she took their simple lives and turned them upside down and inside out.
And she never once thanked them.
Sometimes,she wishes she could.
But it's impossible to thank graves.
A/N:I have to go on a trip to visit a sick relative in a few days,and he has no internet at his house,so I won't be able to post for a about a week. There are going to be two more chapters,then I'll leave:) Thanks for reading so far.

xxi. Dance
There were couples waltzing around the room,but Jenna stayed firmly planted to her seat. Once in a while,men came up to ask her to dance,but she turned each and every one of them down. She was perfectly happy where she was,and she didn't need to accept every dance she was offered.
"I'm feeling a little ill," she told Lucy when her sister-in-law came up to her and asked why she wasn't joining in.
Lucy nodded and pranced off,but the truth was she wasn't ill at all. Instead she was waiting for him to ask her to dance. She would have asked herself,but the tradition of Queens dictated that she couldn't.
He was sitting across the room,drinking some of the horrible tasting tea with Septimus and laughing at some joke she couldn't hear. Jenna grimaced at him and willed him to come over,but he stayed put.
"Don't scowl," she heard a ghostly voice say in her ear. "It doesn't look pretty,great-granddaughter."
Jenna whipped around,her hair flying,but saw nothing. She sat back down as though nothing had happened. And then leaped up again in the next moment.
Darn Beetle,she thought. Darn Beetle and darn tradition.
She wasn't going to play slave to these old rules the way her mother and her grandmother and her great-grandmother did. She was going to ask him to dance herself,she didn't care what tradition dictated. After all,she was the Queen,and she was going to do things her way.

A/N:Last chapter for a while;I'm leaving today.
xxii. Promise
Jenna should have known agreeing to go with Septimus to buy Marcia a random present after he had drunk five cups of over sweetened tea in row would be a bad idea. Especially since there was a blizzard raging outside and a good amount of snow to trudge through.
And she should have just turned around and gone back after Septimus had suddenly dropped to the ground and began making a pile of snow with his hands. But instead she kneeled beside him like the insane person she feared she was turning into.
"What are you doing?" Jenna asked exasperatedly as he patted the mound with his ungloved hands. She suddenly noticed that he had no winter attire on at all;instead he was wearing a summer tunic and thin pants.
"I found the perfect gift for Marcia," Septimus replied triumphantly. And then proceeded to conjure a giant purple flag out of nowhere and stick it in the mound of snow.
"I claim this land for Marcia!"
Jenna rubbed her forehead. "That's my land."
But Septimus was not paying the slightest bit of attention. Instead he was gazing lovingly at the flag in the snow. And then he slipped on a bit of ice,hit his head on the pole,and fell sprawled onto the snow.
"Are you okay?" Jenna asked urgently.
Septimus stared up at her. "I'm cold."
"Of course you're cold,you're wearing summer clothes!"
Septimus ignored her and pulled himself to his feet,oblivious to the giant bruise on his forehead. He walked around the mound of snow,casting spells on it until it glowed sparkly purple in the light of the setting sun.
"It's pretty,isn't it?" Septimus asked. The snow was beginning to sparkle like small stars.
"Alright,it is pretty," Jenna laughed. "Just promise me you won't do anything stupid like this again. And fix your bruise."
Septimus was already putting to together another mound. "Don't count on me to make promises I won't keep."
A/N:If you write a review,do you mind telling me what your favorite chapter is so far?

A/N:I'm back!:D If you're still reading,thanks for sticking with me
xxiii. Beauty
Jenna is perched on the edge of her voluminous heirloom bed,watching Bo comb her long orange hair with a somber expression.
"What's wrong?" Jenna asks.
Bo doesn't answer for a moment,staring ahead with her Wizard eyes. "Wouldn't it be wonderful if we had a spell to preserve our beauty?"
"Sep says they already have spells like that," Jenna replies.
"No,Jenna," Bo says,sounding as upset as she looks,"I mean forever."
"Don't worry about that,I love you anyway." Jenna smiles at Bo,but her friend just sighs and doesn't smile back.
A/N:If you could sort Jenna into any Hogwarts House,which would you choose? I'm leaning more to Slytherin or Gryffindor...

A/N:The consort is either Septimus or Beetle
xxiv. Thousands
There are thousands of flowers flying,thousands of instruments playing,thousands of people laughing,and all of them are staring at her.
For moment,she wishes the ceremony could be held somewhere private,and then inwardly chastises herself. It's not as if anyone will remember her exact expression after a couple of year.
And this wedding isn't anything special,she knows. It's just another wedding of Queen,one amongst thousands,not something that will go down in history.
But her consort is one in thousand,someone special,and she thinks that this wedding should be remembered just because the amount of people out there like him is woefully inadequate.
There are thousands of flowers flying,thousands of instruments playing,thousands of people laughing,and all of them are staring at her,but she only has eyes for one.

xxv.Sweet
Jenna glanced over at her brother's cup,and then shook her head with disbelief.
"You know,I sometimes wonder why I'm torturing myself by sitting next to you at breakfast."
"Whargh?" Septimus mumbled blearily,reaching blindly for a spoon.
"Septimus,you just put applesauce in your tea," Jenna said slowly. "Sometimes I really do wonder what's wrong with you."
Septimus glared at her. "I wanted to make it sweeter and I can't see the honey or sugar. Do you want some?"
"No!" Jenna replied,reeling back. At her brother's hurt expression,she backtracked. "I mean,no thank you. You know I don't like really sweet things."
"Does that include Beetle?" Septimus smirked.
"Sep,shut up."

xxvi.Chocolate
"That wedding yesterday was fun," William informed his mum and aunt. At four years old,that had been his first one.
"It was,wasn't it?" Jenna replied,staring dreamily into the distance. It had been the first party she had been to without one of her brothers embarrassing her. It was actually a little sad it took nineteen years to happen. Of course,it probably had something to do with the fact that they had decided to have a 'Heap Men Night Out' together.
"I liked the part when she left at the alter," Lucy added. "You know that wasn't really a wedding,right?"
Jenna waved her hand airily. "Technicalities."
"When I grow up,I'm not going to marry a girl," William announced suddenly.
Lucy choked on her tea,slopping quite a bit down her front. "Oh?"
"Who- what- are you going to marry then,Will?" Jenna asked as she passed her sister-in-law a napkin.
"A chocolate bar," William answered,before contentedly wandering off.
Lucy stared for about thirty seconds and then put her head down in her hands. "Where did I go wrong?"
"Where do I start?" Jenna muttered.

xxvii. Caught
Jo-Jo leaned forward on the wobbling chair,his hand reaching for the plate he could not see but knew to be there.
"Jo-Jo," Jenna whispered,tugging at the end of her plait,"I don't think this is a good idea. Mummy will be mad."
Her brother turned to look down at her. "Mum won't be mad,because she won't find out. And you won't tell," he added thoughtfully.
Jenna nodded solemnly,and Jo-Jo's hand caught the plate. He passed two of the four cookies to his sister and leaped down.
"Don't drop any crumbs,or Si might snitch on us."

xxviii. Secret
There is a secret in their home,hidden under the mattresses,wrapping around the chairs,wafting through the air like a breeze.
Jenna feels it as a child,in the way she stands out with violet eyes and dark hair. In the way she stands out by having no Magyk. She has nothing of her mum and dad,not even a dimple or the way she smiles,and sometimes she stares at the stars and wishes to be like her brothers. When she was young,Edd and Erik told her in jest once that she wasn't a Heap and was brought by a breeze to their doorstep.
She had cried and cried and cried,even when her parents tried to comfort her,because she had noticed the way they went pale.
Their is a secret in their home. She'll figure it out in time.

xxix.Worst
"Jenna,look at this article."
The shock in Lucy's voice would have been enough to catch Jenna's attention,but the fact that she was awake enough to formulate a sentence after William's sugar-induced escapade last night made her set her down her book and look up.
"What is it?" Jenna asked as she poured herself some tea.
"The Castle Rocks."
"What about them?"
"They just broke up."
Jenna paused mid sip,and her teacup dropped from her hands and smashed on the floor. Luckily,Nicko quickly mended it with a spell before it stained the knitted rug.
"What?!" Jenna cried,grabbing the paper off her sister-in-law.
"The Castle Rocks. They have. Broken. Up," Lucy repeated slowly.
"No."
"Yes."
"I don't see what the fuss is about," Rupert said. "It's just a band. A very stupid one,too. What the heck's up with the name?"
"Just a band?" Lucy all but shrieked. "Rupert,you odd,odd boy,the Castle Rocks are not just a band. They're a way of life! You don't get it."
Rupert said he didn't want to get it. Lucy hit him over the head with the paper and Nicko sniggered.
Jenna was unconcerned by the sibling drama unfolding around her. "This is the worst day of my life," she whined as she reached for the tea pot.
"Mental," Nicko muttered into his biscuit. Rupert nodded fervently.

A/N:Last chapter:( I had a lot of fun. Thank you for reading everyone.
You have made it this far,so can you leave a review telling me your favorite chapter,or just something you liked or didn't like? I'm really curious;just think of it as a little thank you for the story.
xxx.Future
Jenna closes her eyes as the crown is placed on her head,heavy both physically and symbolically,and doesn't open them until it settles on her dark hair and Hotep-Ra lets go. She peers through the strands shielding her bowed face from the crowed,her eyes finding each and every person she knows.
Because this is the future she has been waiting for,ever since she was ten years old and told she would one day be Queen. It seems that it was so long ago when she was huddled against that window,wishing she wasn't royal and trying not to cry,a little girl in the too big boots of her ancestors.
There are her brothers,beaming at her with identical grins under their straw-colored curls. There is Lucy with Simon's arm around her waist,Marcia next to Septimus,and her parents,her lovely parents,both trying not to cry. There is Milo,with strangely bright eyes,Beetle,looking smart in his dark blue robes,and Bo Tenderfoot with a flower crown on her carrot-colored hair.
Jenna almost laughs when she remembers the times before her tenth birthday,when she and Bo wore flower crowns with their worn cotton tunics and pretended to be princesses. And here she is,at her own coronation just a few years later.
There they are. All of them,all these people who made her future possible.
Because she is no longer a little girl in the too big boots of her ancestors.
She is the Queen and the world is at her feet.
The End
