A/N:First time writing in first person. Don't own Septimus Heap. If I did,there would be more MARCIA!:D and Lucy.
I've never had a sister,and I've never wanted one either. It has always been my parents,my brothers,and I,all cooped up in the Ramblings room and then scattered all over the map. I am the eight child,the only daughter,the little sister to dote on and spoil and laugh with. I am the brains behind all the schemes and the only one who can talk in a lowered voice. I am the only girl.
Mum had always wanted a daughter,and I suppose I would too if I had so many sons. And then I was adopted. Even though I'm not her real daughter,I've never felt any difference. I do sometimes wonder what it would be like to be born to them,though. Of course,I would have straw colored curls and green eyes,but would be features be more like Mum or Dad? What personality traits would I have inherited? I think about this sometimes,when I'm lying awake in my overly poofy bed. It's an odd feeling,recognizing that was never meant to be a Heap,so I try not to think about it.
Anyway,even though I wasn't born to them,I feel like I have inherited things from them,like Mum's love of flowers. The boys don't care for beautiful things,so she shares them with me. She shares a lot with me. I am the only girl,after all.
That is,until Lucy arrived. First,it was just her. Then Simon came back and she was always on his arm and full of plans for weddings. She invaded our family,so to speak,and for a while we didn't know what to do with her.
I didn't like the way they looked at her.
The way that Simon was always full of pride and disbelief,as though he were still wondering why Lucy would want to marry him. The way that Sam and Jo-Jo showed her how to cook fish so that it tasted good. The way that Edd and Erik shared their jokes and schemes with her,what they used to do with me. They way that Nicko would laugh with her and tell her stories about Rupert to use as blackmail. The way that Septimus let her call him "little bro" whenever she pleased. The way that our parents fussed over her and adored her.
The way that when she was around,I felt like she was the only female in the family,and that neither I nor Mum existed anymore.
It has never been easy,being the youngest,especially with so many older brothers. The only way to get attention in a family so large was to outdo what was done first,and my brothers all have so many specialties and so much individuality. I sometimes wonder if by the time I was adopted,they had taken up so much talent that there was non left for me. Simon and Septimus have an aptitude for Magyk,while Sam knows the forest like the back of his hand and Jo-Jo excels at herbs and business,Edd and Erik are witty and the practical jokers,but even now they are now starting to show a Magykal flair,and Nicko has all the sailing accolades. It's hard being the youngest because there are seven brothers to live up to. My only noteworthy trait is that I am the Princess,but that isn't an accomplishment;rather it's something I have just been born to. Other than that,I am the only girl,but now... now,I'm not. There is a ninth addition to the Heap siblings,and she so far surpasses me in talents and humour that I once again cannot compete.
So I will call her names and laugh at her with Bo Tenderfoot behind her back for now,because at this point it really is all I have.
But Mum had no such feelings. It was hard for her to have Simon run off to marry a girl she didn't know,but she couldn't resist welcoming in yet another child into the family. I was a bit miffed that she forgave him for everything so easily,though. It took me far longer. After the DarkeDomain,seemingly overnight,everything was forgotten.
And all of a sudden,Mum had another daughter.
I never imagined learning from Lucy. For a long time,she was just a rival to my brother's affections- I was always his favorite,when we young- and nothing more,although now I know differently.
"It'll be so lovely to have a sister," she told me.
She had pulled me away from the sitting room,a week after the Darke Domain,and asked me to be her bridesmaid,and then she had hugged me.
She had hugged me,because for some unfathomable reason,I was apparently part of her family now. Seemingly overnight,I had become her equal,her friend,and her sister.
I've never had a sister before,so I didn't actually know what to expect. I had plenty of girl friends,and Bo and I were almost as close as sisters,but she was also my friend. And she wouldn't have dared to look at my hair with criticism that Lucy held in her gaze as we sat on the rocks next to the river.
"Your hair," she had said in an almost casual voice,her fingerings tangling in my dark waves,"could be very pretty if you did something with it. Like french braids."
I had caught the hidden meaning. "I've never had a sister," I admitted.
Lucy smiled. "Neither have I."
I let her braid my hair and then she hugged me when I said it was beautiful.
Apparently,sisters hug a lot. That is one of the many things I've learnt. Also,that sisters stand together,and talk,and laugh,and hold hands.
And she knew about my worries of ruling a kingdom. I didn't know who told her,but I suspect that Septimus had told Simon and Simon had told her. They don't have any sense of keeping secrets.
I wasn't sure if this was something I wanted her to know. I always had the idea that it wasn't any of her business,but she is a Heap now,and in our family everything is everyone's business. Like I said,no sense of keeping secrets. But it was easier to talk to Lucy about it than it was to talk to my brothers. I expect it's because she's a girl,and understands emotions and empathy better.
"It's my job,I've known it for a while,and the people have,too... but I won't be good enough for them."
"You're smart,Jenna,but you're too negative. Who in their right mind wouldn't want you as their Queen?"
Most of all,I learned that sisters share. They share their clothes and their ribbons,their books and makeup,their stories and thoughts. They share their strengths,their weaknesses,their happiness,their triumphs,their failures,their family.
I have to share my brothers,but at least I'll share them with a sister,not just any girl who steals them away from me.
Simon had thanked me profusely for befriending Lucy. "You don't how much she's always wanted a sister to dote on," he had said.
"Oh,I know. Don't thank me,she's lovely."
She is,and I had resented her,and a part of me will always be angry at myself for that.
I've always been part of the largest family I've seen,and in the back of mind I always knew we would grow,not shrink. Lucy was a shock to us all,but once we adjusted,I knew I would hate to go back to being sister-less. Lucy's a Heap,and that's not a title given lightly.
And in all honesty,I'm no more a Heap than she is. They are my family,and I grew up with them,but underneath all that,I am Cery's and Milo's daughter as well. And although I feel like I have inherited traits from my adopted parents,it sometimes seems as though Lucy has as well. Like the way she talks frantically and excitedly,and the way she gets sucked into all her little projects. I do know those traits are all her own,just like my love of flowers,though.
But what I'm getting at is that it was wrong of me to reject her as a part of my family,because it was essentially the same thing as my adoption. Simon and Sam and Edd and Erik remember that I was brought in,but they didn't reject me. They took me as a sister.
Like I am doing for Lucy.
After my tenth birthday,my family fell in pieces,but we mended in time. Septimus is with the family he belongs in,of course,and all my brothers are in walking distance now. I had forgotten how nice it was to just bump into them and bother them whenever I pleased.
Now,Nicko is planning a trip to ask Snorri to marry him in person,after asking by letter,and soon I'll have yet another sister to hug and share with,and I know my brothers will love Snorri just like they love Lucy,and just like they love me- expect for Nicko,who loves Snorri for Snorri. And I know that we three sisters will revel in our sisterhood. It's always Lucy and I against the boys,and I cannot wait until there is one more.
But the most important lesson Lucy taught me is that love grows. Being a family means there's always enough room for another person. And if someone new arrives,we won't be loved any less. Love is not given or taken so freely,and more can always be brought in.
There are no exceptions. Love knows no limits,and every time our family grows,the love will grow with it. And no matter what,we'll always continue to be us,the Heaps.
I wouldn't trade being a Heap for the world,and I know how easily it could have been that I wasn't. I'll always be a part of this family,and I know that will never change. I'll always be the eight child,the only daughter. But now,I have a sister as well.
A/N:Uh,I don't know what was going through my head... Review?
