A/N:I don't own Septimus Heap. This is probably the craziest thing I will ever post. 
Warning:slight OOC-ness The Seven Stages of Heap
Dear Jen,
I'm writing because you told me let you know if,after you lot visited,things got worse. Things got worse.
Love,
Edd
Shock
The floor of the Grot was covered in tiny black squares that were cracked in places. In all of his time working there,Jo-Jo had never noticed the tile that covered the floor,though in his defense he never had a reason to stare at it before. He found himself looking at a rather red splotch and wondering if it was blood.
"Are you listening to a word I'm saying?" Marissa broke off,her voice filled with frustration.
"You're breaking up with me," Jo-Jo replied blandly,his eyes straying from the tile up to hers. They seemed to be bluer than usual.
"I'm just saying that it would be better if we had some space," Marissa corrected.
"Do you want to see other people?" he asked. He was trying for clinically detached and let more pain into voice than intended. He'd been numb a moment ago;he wanted the numbness back.
"No,Joby-Jo,it's just," she sighed dramatically,"I can't breathe."
It took him a minute. "Are you calling me clingy?"
She seemed to relax slightly at the annoyance in his voice. He knew she had expected screaming and yelling,not the emotionless,shutdown person he had been so far. "You've been possessive and jealous lately. You're an entirely different person."
"Or maybe you don't know as well as you thought you did." Jo-Jo's mask was back,his pain down deep enough that it wasn't showing.
"I've known you since you were thirteen," she reminded him.
"Is that about it?" he asked,standing up from the stone bench and facing her. He was half a head taller than her,and could take her down if he wanted to. Not that he actually wanted to. That would be very immoral.
"No,that's not it. I want you to get mad,I want you to yell at me,I want you to tell me what's gotten you so upset," Marissa insisted,the usual half whine gone from her voice as she took several steps forward and pleaded with him.
"Maybe it would be better if we just skipped to the part where you say we can still be friends," Jo-Jo suggested and watched as she slumped in defeat.
"Joby-Jo-"
"I'll see you around," he said vaguely. He turned his back and left her behind.
Denial
"I'm not going back to work," Jo-Jo announced,propping his hands on his hips as he glared down his family at the breakfast table of the flat he shared with Edd and Erik. The effect was somewhat ruined,seeing that he was wearing an old jumper with J on it and a pair of hole-covered,flannel pajama pants. He was also pretty sure that his normally well groomed curls were sticking out in odd directions.
"What are you wearing?" Jenna offered unhelpfully. She,Septimus,and Nicko were also slouched over the table. They seemed to be visiting.
"I think the real question is,how long have you been wearing it?" Erik added,his nose wrinkling in disgust.
"That's not the point," Jo-Jo dismissed them. "The point is,I'm not going back to work and you lot can't make me."
"You still have weeks of break left," Nicko pointed out with his mouth full like a common ruffian. You'd think he was the one who lived in the forest for four years.
"Don't eat with your mouth full," Jo-Jo scolded.
"You mean don't talk with your mouth full," his younger brother corrected,still not bothering to swallow.
"I mean what I say and I say what I mean," he retorted,irritated.
"Even when you're completely wrong," Edd smirked.
They were saved from arguing by Erik. "Marissa said she'd be dropping by later," he informed Jo-Jo.
"Tell her I'm sick," Jo-Jo said flatly,turning around and retreating back up the stairs.
"Did something happen?" he could hear Septimus ask. He let out a frustrated groan.
Jo-Jo slammed the door of his room,turned the lights off,and burrowed underneath the covers. He didn't feel like ever getting out of bed. As the sounds of chatter and looking for shoes drifted up the stairs,he pulled one of his pillows over his head and tried to block it out. It seemed his younger brothers and sister were leaving now.
"Marissa's downstairs," Erik informed him as he let himself into Jo-Jo's room hours later. Jo-Jo didn't give any indication that he heard him.
"I think that you should go down and talk to her. You're clearly miserable with how things are now," Erik continued,jumped onto the bed next to him. The mattress sank down a few inches. Erik needed to lay off cookies Edd had taken to baking recently.
"Tell her I'm sick," Jo-Jo raised the pillow slightly to make out his older brother in the dark,and then let it fall back to cover his head.
"You can't stay under there forever," Erik informed him,crunching hard into a cookie.
"Watch me," Jo-Jo replied,and listened as the door opened again.
"We're going to Sam's," Edd announced as he entered Jo-Jo's room and pulled open the curtains. The effect was somewhat lost,since it was night outside.
"I'm older," Erik complained. "I should be making the decisions."
"Nicko says I'm older," Edd replied.
"Nicko?" Erik asked incredulously. "He's younger than all of us. How would he know?"
"Didn't we just visit three months ago?" Jo-Jo interrupted,his voice coming out muffled from under all of his blankets.
"We're visiting Sam," Edd repeated with finality. Jo-Jo took it to mean that their second eldest brother had gotten himself into some kind of trouble again. Edd clomped out of the room before anyone could argue,leaving Erik on babysitting Jo-Jo duty.
"He's growing a garden," Erik gossiped as Jo-Jo dug through his drawers to find clothes to pack.
"Lots of people grow gardens," Jo-Jo reminded him,deciding his yellow tunic looked too cheerful and hanging it back up.
"In their flat?" Erik pressed. Jo-Jo conceded the point.
"Does this look like something an overly possessive boyfriend would wear?" Jo-Jo asked as he held up another tunic.
Erik tilted his head to the side as he considered. "Now that you mention it,it kinda does."
Jo-Jo studied the tunic himself before moving to throw it in the trash.
"We're boys," Erik said,as if he had suddenly realized. "Why are we discussing clothes?"
Jo-Jo ignored him. He continued to pack,and,after deeming his pile of gloomy looking clothes acceptable,made his way down to meet Edd by the door.
Growing a garden turned out to be an understatement. It was more like Sam had decided to grow a jungle in his flat. Tall,bushy plants covered every available surface and sprung up from pots on the floor. They had to literally shove the greens out of their way to even make it into the living room.
"You've been redecorating," Edd observed after he had finished sneezing.
"Are these plants legal?" Erik asked,looking at the plants with new interest.
"I'm fine,everything's fine," Sam insisted.
"There's no where to sit," Edd announced. He untangled his hair from a dangerous looking vine.
"I see a couch... I think," Erik said,and Jo-Jo squinted at the blurring looking object obscured behind the greens.
"Have you found a job or what?" Edd asked his older brother.
"I don't need one. I'm going to live off the land," Sam replied.
"The land you've brought to your flat?" Erik inquired,somehow managing to keep a completely straight face.
"I think it's a commendable goal," Jo-Jo defended his brother.
Even Sam looked at Jo-Jo as though he had lost his mind.
Depression
"So,I found this really brilliant book," Erik announced as he entered the flat and shoved his way through the plants. It was sad that they had become more or less adjusted to living here. Edd was clearly allergic to something,but he seemed to think acknowledging it would take away his dignity.
"Careful,Tarquin's vine is starting to break from being shoved out of the way all the time," Jo-Jo called from where he had taken up residence on the living room floor. He had spent the day naming the plants that he could see form his current position.
"You've named it Tarquin?" Erik asked,raising an eyebrow as he appeared from amidst the foliage.
"I think it embodies the essence of him," Jo-Jo explained.
Erik looked skeptically at the plant before holding up the book he had been talking about.
"Is that a book about addiction recovery?" Jo-Jo asked as Edd poked his head through the plants in the kitchen.
"You got addicted to something without me?" Edd said in sorrowful voice. The effect was ruined by his sneeze. "We do everything together."
"It has some helpful advice for taking control of your life and moving it forward," Erik explained,looking at his brothers with annoyance.
"The fish will be ready in two minutes," Sam called from the kitchen. "Edd!"
Sam appeared several seconds later,a fish in one hand and a watering can in his other. He glanced at the book Erik was still holding and took it from him,replacing it with the fish,and then disappeared back into the kitchen without a word.
"He thinks he has a fish addiction," Edd gossiped to his twin,having seemingly forgotten his feelings of betrayment. Erik nodded eagerly. Jo-Jo kicked them out of his spot to stretch his legs.
"I don't think it's safe for us to be breathing in the fumes of some of these," Erik told Jo-Jo conversationally as he rolled away.
"I think we need tropical birds," Jo-Jo suggested,getting up to retrieve some fish.
"I think we're still stuck in denial," Erik commented from where he had been reading a book on the seven stages of grief on the sofa. Jo-Jo had watched with amusement and part horror as Erik had fought with a vine to light a lantern. He was pretty sure Ernie had lost some leaves and broken a vine.
"I feel depressed," Jo-Jo announced glumly,scooping another spoonful of the dessert Sam had called ice cream into his bowl. "Chocolate helps."
"I think we're at gluttony," Edd added as he licked his spoon.
"That's one of the seven sins," Erik corrected. "Besides,what the heck are you grieving? And why was I not informed? We're twins!"
Edd ignored the last part. "This feels like gluttony."
"I think we should buy material items we will never use more than once," Jo-Jo suggested.
"Material items would help." Edd finished the last bit of ice cream in the tub. "Sam,we're out of ice cream."
Sam dodged the plants blocking the doorway between the living room and the kitchen and plopped down at the table. "Get some more yourself," he told Edd. "And I think I'm done making fish."
"We can't eat all of that food anyway," Jo-Jo assured him,reaching over to pat his brother's hand.
"I'm actually feeling kinda nauseated," Edd agreed.
"I'm not happy," Sam informed them,sounding incredibly lost. "I can't remember the last time I was really happy."
Erik awkwardly put his arm around Sam. "There,there."
"I miss the forest," Sam admitted.
"I have no life anymore," Edd added.
"I really loved her," Jo-Jo said,wrapping his arms around himself.
It felt good to let out all the emotions he had been burying inside himself. Of course,they weren't crying. Heaps did not cry. They just made loud distressed sounds.
Jo-Jo ended up with a headache after,but it was oddly worth it.
Anger
"Are you sure you want to do this?" Erik asked apprehensively as Jo-Jo sat in front of the mirror.
"I want it all chopped off," Jo-Jo replied resolutely.
"I thought you liked your hair long-ish," Erik reminded him,the scissors shaking in his hand.
"I'll do it," Sam volunteered from where he sat perched on a cushion. He was was lovingly stroking a fern that was sitting near by.
"Aren't you two supposed to be the adults?" Jo-Jo asked. "You're twenty now,and Erik's eighteen."
"Being the adult isn't any fun," Sam sighed,the words coming out more serious then what Jo-Jo thought they warranted.
"Jo-Jo is mad," Erik announced,setting down the scissors.
"Sam?" Jo-Jo turned to his brother expectantly.
Sam moved over to the mirror,picked up the scissors,and cut. Long curls of Jo-Jo's hair fell to the ground. Erik screamed.
"What did you do to your hair?" Edd demanded when they reappeared an hour later.
"I cut it," Jo-Jo replied calmly. "And then I tried to straighten it but it got slightly burnt so Erik hid the spell."
"It looks good," Edd admitted after a moment of silence. Jo-Jo,Sam,and Erik exchanged looks. This was not typical Edd behavior.
"Maybe I should do something with my hair," he suggested after another minute.
"You've had a long day,I think it's time to get some sleep." Erik wrapped an arm around Edd,handling his brother like one might handle a potentially violent snake.
They awoke the next morning to find Sam violently kicking at his potted plants. Dirt flew across the wooden floors,staining any of the the furniture that it came to contact with.
"I'll make breakfast," Edd smugged,which wasn't really a verb but should be,and disappeared into the kitchen,seemingly forgetting that he couldn't actually cook for the life of him.
Things got bad when Sam got his hands on a pair of gardening shears.
"You can't kill them!" Jo-Jo pleaded as he flung himself in front of his brother.
"They're building a vacationing complex in our old campsite!" Sam yelled,the shears coming dangerously close to what remained of Jo-Jo's hair.
"This one is named after Lucy," Jo-Jo explained. "And that one is Tarquinia,she's an offshoot of Tarquin."
"That one kinda does look like Lucy," Erik observed from where he was reading another thick book on the couch. He had created a chart of the seven stages of grief and was currently consulting the book and taking notes.
"People abandon you,people let you down. These plants won't leave you." Jo-Jo tried another tactic. "Plants are forever!"
"Jo-Jo." Sam paused,clearly struggling with containing his fury. "Move."
Jo-Jo hesitantly stepped to the side,his face filling with horror as Erik put down his book and began to cut the through the jungle that had taken over his living space. It took him a good hour to start making noticeable difference,though he had eventually gotten out a small ax and started cutting through them in huge chunks.
Edd cheerfully followed behind his brothers,cleaning. Jo-Jo grabbed his cloak,the pile of mail he had been refusing to read,and left the flat without another word.
It took him two letters to discover that Marcus had seen Marissa out with Percival Blackwheel. They had apparently seemed very close and had even shared a bag of sweets from Ma Custard's. Jo-Jo crumpled the letter in his hand made his way back into the flat.
"I'll take the kitchen," he informed them,retrieving the scissors from the living room table.
He wouldn't be surprised if the neighbors heard him calling out,"Die,Henry,die!"
Unfortunately,he had been a little too accurate and a group of Ordinary Wizards showed up some time later to investigate what exactly was going on in Sam's flat. The landlord really wasn't all that happy about it.
"I've seen people hording cats,but ferns?" the man was saying to the Wizards as they made their way through the apartment looking for bodies.
After his moment pf blind rage,Jo-Jo had become rather upset about the "bodies" littering the floor. Erik had tied unsuccessfully to explain that Jo-Jo had developed an unhealthy relationship with the plants.
"They're not all ferns," Jo-Jo offered from where they were being carefully watched on the couch.
"Please tell me these are legal," Edd hissed to his older brother out of the corner of his mouth.
"We have connections,right?" Sam asked.
Bargaining
"I swear the bloke I bought it from said it was completely legal," Sam insisted as they were being escorted into a holding cell.
"I've been kidnapped," Erik announced.
Edd nodded in agreement. "They were kind captors,but captors nonetheless."
"Do you know how frustrating it is to to have your girlfriend call you clingy?" Jo-Jo was explaining to the Wizard who was responsible for him. "We were almost at our two year anniversary and now she's with Percival Blackwheel. Would you pick Percival Blackwheel over me?"
That question had earned him the extra charge of trying too seduce the Wizard arresting him. He was really looking forward to explaining that one to the rest of his family.
In the end,it was Edd who got them out. "I'm Edd Heap."
"Heap?" One of the Wizards looked up. "The ExtraOrdinary Apprentice's brother?"
"You were there was he was unjustly snatched from your family," another added.
"As you can see,the effects of that day still effect my family today," Edd offered.
"I'm still stuck in the stage on gluttony," Sam added,and Edd shot him a look.
"We'll have to check your story,but we can probably have you out before morning," the first Wizard told them.
"This means we get to talk to the Queen,doesn't it?" the second one asked in excitement.
Sam,Edd,and Erik groaned in unison. Jo-Jo was convinced they practiced.
True to her word,they were out by morning. Septimus and Marcia had both come into the station to vouch for them,though they appeared to be enjoying the situation much more than Jo-Jo felt it warranted. Prison did not agree with them,though the looks they gave their youngest brother kept him from openly laughing at them.
"You tried to seduce a Wizard?" Marcia asked Jo-Jo,disbelief etched on her face.
"I don't suppose that when you tell the rest of the family you could phrase it so that it sounds like I've moved on from Marissa?" Jo-Jo suggested,more to Septimus than Marcia.
Septimus shrugged. "At some point all of you have to come home and face your problems," he reminded them.
"I'm pretty sure Sam just got kicked out of his flat,and we have nowhere else to go," Edd replied,glancing over at their disheveled and demoralized family.
Guilt
"I'm sorry," Sam said as they packed his things up. The landlord had given them twenty-four hours to get everything out.
Seeing that Sam hadn't really lived there a while,they were making good time at packing. Sam had decided to move to a charming little hut,though he seemed incredibly unexcited about the idea.
"It was partly my fault I left our part of the forest unattended for so long," he continued.
"Marissa didn't really call me clingy," Jo-Jo confessed. "I wouldn't talk to her,I just shut her out."
"Being a Heap comes with being independent to a fault," Edd added,wrapping up several picture frame in dishtowels.
"And we're not very good at communicating when we feel it makes us look weak," Sam said.
"I guess I don't need this anymore," Erik sighed,holding up his carefully constructed chart. "Then again,this might be marketable."
"You're such a Heap," Jo-Jo complained.
Acceptance
"Do we really have to do this?" Erik asked as they stood on their brother's new lawn.
"I think it's good,like a rebirth," Jo-Jo said. He placed a fern he had named Arista into the ground.
"I think I am at the end of my life," Edd suddenly said,coughing through the words. "I was allergic to something in that flat."
"I am partially at fault for the problems in my life," Sam offered.
Jo-Jo finished planting the fern and stood up,brushing the dirt from his hands. "I was not good at communicating with Marissa."
"You can't just decide you're dying." Erik ruined the moment,his voice incredulous.
"But he was exposed to who-knows-what in my flat." Sam let out a groan.
Their trip home was postponed an extra few days to take Edd to the local sick bay. It was there they discovered that Edd was,in fact,allergic to one of the many plants. However,he would quickly recover and didn't even need to stay there overnight.
"I had loads of fun," Jo-Jo said as they did their goodbyes.
"Come visit us," Edd added. "Our flat is much less... crowded than yours was."
"I've decided that gluttony should be a stage of grief," Erik revealed,showing them his color-coded chart that didn't make any sense to anyone other than him. Sam seemed oddly honored.
They were taking the ferry and had written ahead to tell the family they were coming. Jo-Jo wasn't sure whether to expect a big turnout,or just Nicko,Jenna,and Septimus,but either way he was surprisingly looking forward to the reunion.
"Acceptance." Erik smiled and made a mark on his chart.The End
A/N:I wrote a story that didn't feature Jenna as a main character or important to the plot:O Review if you liked or didn't like it,please.
