Hi guys,it's me again... 
I decided to start this story with a different theme from my last ones since 'Ambitions of a woman' is hopefully going to finish in 3 chapters. I won't spoil the story by telling that it's SepXJen or BeetleXJen so if you are a fan of either one of them,don't make decisions by my last fanfics. No promises about the story length. Please read&review.
Disclaimer:I don't own any of the characters or the Septimus Heap world,they all belong to the great author Angie Sage.
Jenna stormed in the Wizard Tower. She didn't even wait to read the welcome message on the floor and climbed up the stair. Her order to have the stair go faster caused few Wizards to drop in the floors instead of walking gracefully. She banged on the Extraordinary Wizard's door several times until Septimus opened it with a start. "Hey,Jen. What's all the ruckus?" he asked.
"This is," Jenna pushed her red Queen's book at Septimus's chest and used it to pass him and go in. She spotted Marcia arguing with her coffee pot and sat at the table with a frown on her face. "We need to talk." she waited until Septimus sat at the table.
Marcia reluctantly let go of her coffee pot and gazed at Septimus with confusion but he shrugged. "Okay,Jenna. What is it?" she asked rather calmly for her nature.
"I'm sick of being Princess,especially with these stupid,dump,exhausting..." she was loss at words to show her hatred. "Anyway,I hate the rules and the boring life they are pushing at me." she exclaimed.
Septimus raised his eyebrows at Marcia to not push the subject as he had seen some of Jenna's princess days and agreed with her on that. "So what brings you here sis?" he was surprised to see Jenna's sharp glare at him.
"Don't call me sis." she snapped unconsciously. "I want to do another job. Be something else." she tried to erase the effect of her last sentence so that it would ease the look on Septimus's face. "Look,your job is fascinating as a Wizard or look at Beetle's. He's practically behind every important thing but me..." she sighed with dismay and extended her arms on the table. "All I've ever done as a princess is talking with dignity or sitting with my back straight,which,I haven't been able to accomplish yet."
Marcia gave her a glass of water after secretly using Cheer up charm on it. "But you're job is fascinating too. You are going to be the Queen,the ruler." her attempt to make it something interesting failed by seeing the disbelief in Septimus and Jenna's eyes. "Fine,then learn magyk."
"Jen's not magykal." Septimus objected quietly and crossed his arms. His mind had drifted to the reason behind Jenna's sudden displeasure in being his sister "Try working with Beetle." he suggested with finality.
Before Jenna could respond,the purple clocked that was shaped like a clutched hat with golden stars on it,screamed to announce the time. Marcia snapped her fingers. "Oh,we have things to do." she glanced at Jenna. "Septimus has to come as well. Go and see the Chief Hermetic Scribe,he can help you. I have faith in him." she talked while wearing her purple Python-skinned boots.
Septimus nodded and leaned onto the table before leaving. "Am I your brother or not?" he asked quietly so that Marcia couldn't hear with her sharp ears.
Jenna blushed. "Sam,Edd,Erick,Simon,Jo-Jo and Nicko are but I never considered you one." she answered honestly and grabbed Septimus's green apprentice clock when she saw the hurt in his eyes. "There's no particular reason,Sep. It's just that we didn't grow up together and met as strangers so I always thought of you as a friend instead of a brother." she didn't dare to meet his eyes.
Septimus brought her chin up to have her look at him. "I too,never looked at you as my sister but called you one in case you'd get the feeling of not accepted." with that he walked out of the door,leaving Jenna to swear at herself for losing control.
Taking Marcia's suggestion to heart,Jenna walked briskly to the Manusctiptorium and was pleased to run into Beetle along the way. He stopped dead when he saw her and ran his hand through his hair. When she wanted to go to him Beetle suddenly started walking again. Jenna called him so that he would stop and ran to catch up. "Hey,Beetle." she smiled pleasantly but was surprised to see Beetle's straight face.
"Good morning,Princess." he replied with emphasis on the princess. "I was at the palace as the matter of fact."
"Why so formal?" Jenna scowled with curiosity.
Beetle waved a piece of parchment in the air. "I was ordered to not call you by name and use your title. So I am just doing my job." his tone froze Jenna.
She tried to keep her smile. "I am here for the same reason." then she explained her problem to him who listened as if she was his superior. "To sum it up,I want to work at the Manuscriptorium."
"It's not that easy Jen... Princess. You have to pass the entrance exam." he looked at her red princess gown and gold circlet. "And I don't think that others can work easily with you. Anyone who mistakes to blame you for your mistakes and we'll get criticized. Did you think of these things?" his voice was demanding.
Jenna looked at him crossly. "Don't talk to me like that. What have I done to deserve it?" she glanced at the people who passed them by. "I didn't ask you to call me a princess. As the matter of fact,I hate it. Call me Jenna because that's who I am and don't listen to Milo asking you to do otherwise."
Beetle raised an eyebrow at her mention of Milo. "How did you_" a smile painted on his lips. "Never mind,if you pass the entrance exam,I think we can manage." he rubbed his forehead. "And sorry about earlier. Just a tough day." his reason wasn't as convincing as he thought.
It relieved Jenna to see the kind Beetle back. Even if she was still curious to see the reason behind attitude change. "Just don't do it again. It makes you seem taller." she said wryly and pointed at his height. "So when can I give the exam?"
Beetle laughed. "The exam will be hard and don't judge by nice personality. I make no exceptions." he winked at her but still seemed serious though trying not to. "There's a Queste that you must go on and afterward we"ll test your knowledge." he tried to make it look harder than it was.
Jenna too laughed to not let his serious eyes affect her. "When?" she asked.
"So you are accepting the terms?" he was surprised to see her so eager.
"I'm not the one to back out." Jenna answered boldly and took a step forward and smiled. "I accept."
Tell me if you liked it and why if you didn't. Bye for now.

Hi everyone,here's chapter 2:
Jenna didn't return to the palace and after using all different methods,she succeeded in persuading Marcia to let her stay with them. She was determined to not allow them to make her caged in palace life. It was past midnight and Marcia was sleep in her room. She and Septimus were talking quietly while eating chocolate from Jenna's much loved chocolate charm.
"I'm telling you Sep. I saw Marcia and Milo's at port with my own eyes." she circled her arms around her knees and bit the chocolate. "And there's nothing pleasant about it." her voice was barely understandable with her mouth full.
Septimus giggled silently. "Can't imagine Marcia as your step mother. It'll be fun." he ate another bite. "No objection on my part Jen." his relax exclamation caused Jenna to glare at him and pull the chocolate charm from his hands.
"You don't deserve to eat chocolate Septimus Heap." she said rather loudly. "Go to sleep. I'll get my own mattress." she got up that Septimus jumped up to block her way with a grin that made her laugh. "Okay,you can have the charm." she gave the chocolate charm to him. "Oh,almost forgot. I talked to Beetle and he said that he would help me to work in the Manuscriptorium."
Septimus raised an eyebrow at her bright expression. "You weren't this happy earlier today."
"What?"
"Nothing Jen." Septimus snapped at himself to think straight and smiled. "I think we can convince Beet to let me join you on your Queste." he swiftly changed the subject.
Jenna too let his last exclamation drop. "No,Sep. I must do this by myself." she frowned slightly at remembering Beetle's harsh attitude earlier that day. "Beetle seemed really serious about this. He's not going to like it."
He patted her on shoulder and smiled. "Let me talk to him." he took her hand. "You need to sleep. Take my bed." he voiced gently as he walked her to his room. As they opened the door a small ball almost hit Jenna in face as it flew right past her ear.
"I'm speechless Sep." exclaimed Jenna as she jumped on his bed. Septimus laughed and pulled a mattress from the closet.
"It's just the result of an experiment. I tried using the speed charm with the flyte charm and it became... well... extreme." he stated bluntly as if proving his innocence to Marcia. Jenna shook her head in disapproval and snuck under the blanket with a laugh.
"Good night Sep." she mumbled at him before closing her eyes. Septimus grinned and took the blankets out. She rolled in her place as worry swamped over her. She had to complete that Queste to prove herself.
Jenna and Septimus headed to the Manuscriptorium first thing in morning. When they reached there,Marcia raised her eyebrows and pointed at right. They turned to see Sarah,Silas and Milo waiting for them with Beetle leaning against the wall.
"I wondered where Marcia was. This explains it." Septimus whispered to her and tuck his hands in his pockets. "You ready?" he asked and looked at her. Jenna pressed her lips against each other and nodded. She walked with bigger paces until they reached them.
Jenna smiled at Beetle and winked knowingly at Marcia. "I didn't know I was making you wait for so long." she exclaimed sarcastically at Sarah,Silas and Milo and crossed her arms. "What's the occasion?"
Silas circled his arm around her shoulders. "Since you seem to have set your mind on not becoming a Queen." he started and eyed Milo to continue.
"We decided to give you some space to do as you please." aided Milo as if not quite convinced yet himself. Jenna raised her eyebrows in confusion and let out a short sound of laughter.
"I'm sorry." she placed her hand on her mouth and smiled. "I can't believe I just heard those words from you." she told Milo and he shrugged with a grin at seeing her happiness. "So,Beetle,where should I start?" she asked brightly.
Beetle who was leaning against the wall with his arms folded,pushed himself forward. "You'll need this to find your way." he handed her a rolled piece of parchment. "It'll be too dangerous to go alone on this journey so_"
"I suppose you are forced to go along with her." expressed Milo out of blue a little harsh for the mood. Seeing everyone's amazed expressions he went back into his careless self. "My apologies,Chief Hermetic scribe."
Trying hard to grin,Beetle nodded his head once. "It's alright,I understand your concerns." He replied politely though not understanding Milo who constantly left his daughter at all. "I do want to go with her but I have duties. I must ask someone else to accompany her."
Sarah circled her arm around Jenna's shoulder and messed up Septimus's hair. "Septimus will go with her." she turned to Marcia. "Can he?" her sound was too confident for a request.
Marcia shrugged,defeated. "Yes,he can. But I strongly suggest that the Chief Hermetic scribe accompanies them. I know you have duties but you can't send a princess on a Queste that easily." her suggestion made Beetle look up from his hands and then wait for Jenna's confirmation. When Jenna motioned her head in agreement,he let a fade smile appear on his face.
"Then can Syrah come along too?" Septimus asked eagerly. "She has gone on a Queste before. Not that this one is going to be like that of course." he added quickly when seeing Sarah's worried eyes.
Marcia tapped on the ground with her heals for a moment before deciding. "Oh alright. You can all go." she agreed reluctantly. Jenna's moment of happiness faded. She knew how Syrah was more attractive than her and it bothered her that Septimus had to drag her along. Her sudden crestfallen expression didn't escape Beetle's eyes.
"We can ride on SpitFyre." Septimus suggested that made them both jump out of their thoughts.
"No,you can't,Sep." Beetle pushed his hair back in frustration. "No dragons."
Jenna shrugged off the thoughts about Syrah and grabbed Septimus's hand. "Who cares? It'll be great." she exclaimed that made everyone agree except for Beetle who quietly excused himself and walked back into the Manuscriptorium.
Jenna walked cautiously in forest with Septimus and Syrah on her right and Beetle on her left. She wore brown leather boots over her light brown trousers. She tucked her white shirt that was half covered by the black jacket in her trouser and took out the map from her backpack.
"We need to find the route to the desert Sep." she showed him the map who came closer to take a better look.
Septimus looked around. "Wait a moment." he sat on the ground and took out something like a wood but slicker. Cautiously,he placed it on the ground. Syrah crouched beside him with a grin.
"Allow me." she said gracefully and placed her both hands on the ground. "Navigate us to the desert. Fly and do it straight. Rise!" the stick rose in the air and she stepped back with a smile at Septimus's complementing expression.
Jenna was reluctantly amazed. She couldn't help to compare herself to Syrah who was taller with tanned skin,long pony-tailed hair,a knee length purple dress and black boots. She clapped her hands to not be jealous. "Wow,you are truly something." she turned to Beetle. "Isn't she?"
"Yes,she is." Beetle answered unconsciously as he followed the stick in the air. "You take the lead Jen. It's your Queste after all." he said with a low tone and walked faster to avoid seeing the hurt in Jenna's eyes when looking at Syrah and Septimus.
She nodded her head and started walking alongside Beetle. It was getting dark but still no sign of desert. Syrah and Septimus's insistence on magyk had made it impossible for Jenna to change the route. Beetle's silence wasn't much of a help either. She felt pain in her feet but didn't stop and continued the way that she heard a low sigh from behind.
Jenna turned to see Syrah sitting on the grass and taking her breath. "I'm alright. Just a little fatigued." she whispered with an ashamed look to Septimus as he crouched beside her and looked up at Jenna's ashen face. "I'm sorry princess. I guess the weakness has not left me yet."
"It's okay Syrah." Jenna had no choice but to go along. She let out her breath and glanced at Beetle. "What do you think? Can we rest here for tonight?"
Beetle took out his timepiece and looked at it. "We're losing time but if she's that exhausted_"
"No,I can walk. Please don't delay your trip because of me." Syrah insisted.
Jenna was bewildered as to what to do. She could leave them behind and continue the journey herself but she knew that she would need Syrah and Septimus's magykal powers. They all looked at her for response that she dropped her backpack to the ground. "I think we are all tired. We can continue tomorrow." with that she started taking out her stuff.
"What will you do about time loss?" inquired Beetle.
"We'll walk faster."
"And the dangers of staying in woods at night?"
Jenna looked up at his disturbed gaze and smiled. "With two Extraordinary wizard apprentices,aren't we safe enough?" she didn't want her judgement to be questioned,especially in front of Syrah.
Beetle opened his mouth to answer that Septimus got up and patted his shoulder. "Jen's right Beet. They're both exhausted. There's no point in going any further." he explained to Beetle who let out a sound of frustration and nodded his head. Septimus grinned. "I'll handle the fire. Beet,you set up the tent." with that he took out his fyre charm and sat beside Syrah.
Seeing Beetle quietly unfolding the tent,Jenna went over to him. "Thank you,Beetle." she whispered guiltily to him and took the side of the leather to help him. "I know this is becoming a burden and you have many things to do back at the Manuscriptorium_"
"Jenna," Beetle cut through her words and looked at her. "If you are sincere,then promise me one thing." he took the leather back from her. "Let's not use these creepy words such as thank you or sorry in our friendship. If I do something for you,it's same as doing it for my own sake. Alright?"
It was when the cold breeze froze her that Jenna finally opened her eyes. She blinked several times and tried to get up. Everywhere was dark as the fyre was out. She lay back down and closed her eyes. The coldness,dead fyre. The sudden conclusion forced her to sharply open her eyes and jump up. She looked around.
"Sep,Septimus,Septimus Heap!" she called loudly that caused a sound of movement. "Beetle,Syrah,Sep get up! The fyre is out." she exclaimed urgently.
Someone took her hand that made her suddenly nervous. "Jen,what is it?" Septimus's sleepy voice came from beside her as he pulled her hand to help him get up.
"The fyre is out." she repeated and got up.
"We'll light it again." Beetle's tired voice came from in front of her as he stood up as well. "What's the problem?"
Syrah's vigilant voice answered him from below. "No,she's right. That fyre was magykal. It never dies unless we want to." her reply dropped a heavy silence among them. "And the air. How can it be so cold?" with that they swiftly stepped out of the tent.
Septimus rose his hand in the air to use his dragon ring's light. Jenna took a step forward that she felt her feet going deep in the ground. With a loud scream,she fell onto it. Coldness rushed through her body,making it hard for her to answer Beetle and Septimus calling her.
"Sn... snow." she managed to say through gritted teeth. Hearing her voice,carefully,Beetle stepped into the snow and grabbed her waist. Shakily,Jenna circled her hand around his neck as he pulled her up. "I'm fine." she reassured them after quickly disengaging herself. Beetle too stepped back and went into tent.
"We should be near desert." Septimus seemed lost in thought as he glanced around. "What is with this wintry weather?"
Syrah opened her mouth to answer that Beetle's voice stopped her. "The map,compass and my timepiece are gone." he came out and threw the empty backpack at their feet. "We can't even go back now." he let out a sigh of frustration.
Jenna sank back down. "Forget about going back." she looked up at them as the sky started showing shadows light. It was almost dawn. "Where are we?"
So,a transitional chapter after a long absence. My apologies to all those who read this. I wanted to update sooner but my studies kept delaying it. Hope you are liking it so far and don't fret,the real story begins from next chapter.
