A/N:Hello. I'm alive. Shocker. I got the idea for this last evening. I don't own Septimus Heap. I do own some of the dumb names I made up:P
Oh,and the reason the descriptions are so good is because I had a beta help me a lot with that aspect on this one.Home
Magyk had a thousand flavors,a thousand hues,but none could bring him peace.
Sarah and Silas have had eight years with their youngest son.
So he leaves.
He considered his options and arrived in the north of Russia in the middles of a snow storm. The tame and even Magyk was like a circle of light and safety low around a fire while snow and darkness blew in sheets all around. His hosts and their dark-clad friends eased the spells from their fingertips,wooing the Magyk forth with learned patience and persistence. But once they brought it forth,it was earthy and deep and reminded him of the underground tunnel of Dragon Boat.
Indeed,there were tunnels that held secrets as well,and underground caves,guarded by tall,pale elves,though the smaller ones that wandered through the grip of winter cared nothing for treasures. All color and light in every charm was cherished and used sparingly,every swish of the calloused hands was necessary and sure. But he wasn't searching for a place with little lights to keep out darkness,so he thanked the hosts and told them goodbye.
Magyk was almost a science in The Land Over the Lake,but a music,too,and the Wizards were masters,taking great pride in their performances. Spells and charms were ostentatious and heavily gilded in gold and jewels,treated as treasures but given without too much hustle. The Magyk was structured and rigid,but when released,emotion exploded forth like fireworks.
The words of the spells sounded a little harsh in German,but tasted like the dark,strong coffee and rang like bells of the half ruined towers with stained glass windows. That Magyk,like the Russian kind,had been tainted more than once,but was healing again. The Wizards were polite,but not friendly,and he appreciated that they did not dig for information but let him be. But the noise,even of symphonies and spells,sometimes hurt his head,and so he booked his boat.
The desert was in some ways as he imagined,in some ways not:ancient and hot and brittle and set in its ways with a shimmering edge just beyond sight. He felt humbled in the presence of the people,for their traditions were the oldest in the world,dating from the days before the Lost Times. Unlike the Castle,though,they built walls around Magyk instead of embedding them with it,and it was something to be feared. But they had their own deep rhythm of life in stories and folktales,and the weight of them was heavy on his mind.
The searing heat felt as though it was scalding his skin off;it felt good,but reminded him too much of Do or Die exercises in the summer,and the snakes seemed to hiss at him with malicious intent. There was no peace there.
There was something so wonderfully free about the Magyk in Africa,wild and untamed and falling into extremes. There was joy exploding in it,shouted and sung with clapping of hands and stomping of feet—most of the spells were sung,not spoken—but there was sorrow,too,of people being broken.
Every spell was a gift,a sacrifice,and once the wizards trusted you,they were generous with their Magyk. It was the only treasure they had,the only thing besides love it could give freely. Everything was a community event,and he saw the consequences of every spell sung. The Wizards recognized the green eyes and gave him solemn nods and flashing smiles as he needed them. But everything was either breathtakingly beautiful or heartbreakingly tragic,and there was no place in between to rest. He could not bring himself to stay.
The Magyk was full of spices,thick in the heat,nearly suffocating him as soon as his boat reached Hyderabad. The tamed Magyk was nearly as old as the desert,but not as settled,for charms were like tangerine sunsets and some spells were like flashes of brightly colored saris. The Magyk had roots tangling itself over ruins of ancient spells as though over tumbled stone blocks,digging its fingers deep down into the earth. The Wizards were aged by the Magyk and spoke very quickly but also very little,though he learned much from their silence.
The Magyk was so thick that he could barely get a hold of it;his attempts at manipulating it seemed clumsy and weak,and he was not used to that. He said goodbye to Romilly's cousin and headed east.
The wizards had to hide in The Mountains Near the Wall. The emperor,of course,vehemently denied their existence,although that didn't seem to stop the common people from taking the Magyk for granted. Magyk books had their beginnings there,written in fluid black characters of increasing complexity—every line had to be just right or else the spell meant something completely different from what was intended. The Magyk had a shell as hard as stone,but if you cracked it the right way,it flowed like tea or silk and had a scent of incense and the echo of a ring like a gong.
He loved the elegant grace of every flourish of every jade wand and the eastern element that made all of the Magyk seem so much bigger than he could have imagined. But the secrecy—the sneaking and denials—was too much. He left on a cloudy morning.
On the top of Bushra's Rock,the Magyk was old and sun baked,and very primitive,like a stone knife. The gift of the Magyk blew in the wind and rubbed his skin raw like sand. The Magyk howled like the wind or a wild dog. Everything was blunt and hard-edged and hearty and made to survive. The beauty was there;you just had to learn to see it.
The native wizards clung to their Magyk traditions fiercely;they were very nearly untouched by other Magykal disciplines. He crouched under the endless star-scattered sky by a campfire and learned new spells. The words tasted strange in his mouth—they tasted like the bush country:grit and wild weeds and muddy but precious water. Though he had thought he was running from companionship,he found himself lonely out there under that sky in that wilderness. He continued his search.
He floated lazily in the fragrant Magyk of the islands,the water and the sky seeming to mingle all around him. Flowers and luscious fruit left their scent and tang in the air,and he gulped in great lungfuls of the salty sea breezes. After years of running and adventures,nothing was as wonderful as idleness and the constant sound of the ocean waves.
The Wizards practically breathed their spells,working them into the commonplace everyday tasks that dominated life. They painted with broad strokes of spells,an arc of sunset sky,a sweep of stormy sea. But he felt guilty for this ease;in the still,languid times,the memories of Syrah crept up on him,and he could not forget all that he left behind. He looked over his shoulder as he left.
North of The Large Country Across the Waters was too loud,superficial,for one who sought any kind of peace,so he headed south. The warmth reminded him of the desert,only it was humid,and theMagyk got tangled up in the wet night air,glowing and blinking like fireflies or stars so close he could reach out and touch them:no coldness in these stars like those at home.
The Wizards were very gracious but wild in their spells,and they were warm and had a gentle kind of strength about them. They dressed in brown deerskin with beads and feathers,and around the campfire everyone,including him,was one big family. There was a tang of honey on his lips and the sticky scent of pines and dogwood,and the Magyk seemed to get under his fingernails like the thick red clay,and though that soil was earthy and comforting,the redness reminded him of Jenna's favorite dress. He left after two weeks.
If he had found The Large Country Across the Waters' atmosphere humid,the Magyk of the Amazon was flowing liquid. It was heavy,too,and seemed to stream over him in rivers of untamed exoticness. The spells bent the magic easily,almost too easily,but it was still hard to manipulate,like a boulder turning the river another way and causing a flood.
There were always new facets of the enchantment to explore,reflections of a thousand species and varieties of life. Everything was color and danger and almost too much life. The native wizards smiled readily,but went to war readily as well,and he had no desire for one. He fled when the first arrow hit the tree trunks.
The Eastern Snow Planes were calm and and past his knees in snow. The Magyk was loose yet pointed,sharp and soft,and he thought of a q rolling down a hill. It dominated the landscape,as old as the mountains and the rocks and the sky. It was quieter than Marcia had described.
The Wizards were firm and rigid in the way they used it,and watching spells flow from their wands was a rarely seen treat. Most of their charms were lost,and the others kept under lock and key. They wouldn't have welcomed him,were it not for Marcia,for they were highly suspicious of anything and everything they entered from outside. The Magyk was beautiful,but the people were as cold as their atmosphere,and he left before the week ended.
It was raining when he returned home. It stained the drizzling grey of the Castle's Magyk,and he almost didn't leave the ship. He felt the weight of expectation and memory settle on his shoulders as soon as he set foot on his native soil,and he shouldered it without complaint.
But then there were Marcia and Jenna and Beetle and Marcellus and Mum and Dad and the remaining Heaps and dozens of others waiting for him,just as he had known,somewhere in the far and lost corner of his mind,they would be. And somehow,when he got close enough to them,his Magyk was cleansed:only rainwater and moss and the stones of the Tower. He felt the cool winds blow mist across his face,and he realized that it was not the Magyk he had been searching for.
Magyk had a thousand flavors,a thousand hues,but none could bring him peace. He had thought,when Marcia first brought him home and he walked wide-eyed through the Tower and was first embraced by the Heaps,that the Magyk was what made him feel at home—that a Wizard needs Magyk,or he is no longer truly a Wizard.
He knows better now. It isn't the flavor or the scent or the sensation of Magyk. It is these people,this love.
He knows that this is all he needs to be home.The End
A/N:That was interesting. Review?
