Title:Sick Bay
Rating:K+/PG
Summary:Septimus likes going down to the Sick Bay. Whether it's to visit Syrah Syara or to see Rose is a different question.
A/N I ship both Septimus/Syrah and Septimus/Rose. This is just fun.
…
Septimus strolled down the corridor whistling cheerfully and paused at the entrance to the Sick Bay. With a nod at the wizard manning the entrance,he walked in and to his delight,found Rose,the new sick bay apprentice looking after a patient.
She was carefully wrapping a bandage around a broken bone. She then recited a quick spell,her brow furrowing as she concentrated. Septimus could see the purple flow of magic coming from her hands and was impressed. The bone looked almost healed,and it was done well. He couldn't have done it as well if he tried – but then again,he was no expert in healing magic.
She took a breath as the flow of magic stopped,and looked up,spotting him.
He grinned at her and his heart gave a jump. Rose straightened up,sent the old wizard hobbling on his way with a healing charm,and came over to greet him. She brushed her hands on her tunic,and put the roll of bandages down,all the while giving him a welcoming smile.
"Hello Septimus,nice to see you." she smiled,"Come to see Syrah Syara?"
He nodded,throat dry all of a sudden.
"Yeah,could you take me there? Thanks Rose."
She pulled her long brown hair into a lazy bun and gestured for him to follow with a wave of her hand. They walked up to the big secure doors and she put her hand on a blank square. Scanning her hand,the door opened into the DisEnchantment chamber with a hiss of air. Septimus walked inside,ignoring the cold sensation of the atmosphere in the room.
And then he noticed nothing else except Syrah Syara. He walked over to where she was floating and brushed a strand of her wild brown locks off her face. She was pale and gaunt,nothing like the mysterious and enigmatic tanned girl that he had first met on the island. Oh Syrah,wake up he thought miserably. She had been through so much and deserved a happy ending. He could comfort her,even if she didn't have her beloved Julius Pike. And was stuck in the wrong time.
He thought about how he had disliked her at first,when he had thought she had taken his place as extraordinary wizard's apprentice. And then how he had met her again on Syren,where she was beguiling but also alive. How he had been drawn in by her and her sad story of imprisonment.
He sighed,but that was all in the past,and on another crazy world of islands and possessive spirits. Now she was stuck in a coma,listless and immobile. He straightened out her robes and took a long look at her face one last time before looking up at the door and noting that Rose was still there,watching. Suddenly he felt very exposed and impersonal.
He got up and walked out,Rose falling into pace with him. The door closed behind them,startling them both before they shared a giggle and exasperated facial expression. Septimus strode out of the Sick Bay,expecting Rose to say goodbye and leave,but instead she stayed right beside him,only nodding to let the other nurse know that she was taking a break. They fell into a companionable silence,somehow moving closer to one another. He could see every strand of her hair and feel the warmth of her body on his.
She was very much decidedly alive,he thought,enjoying her presence. His heart gave another unregistered thump,and did so again when she turned to him and smiled once more,showing off her dimples.
They arrived at the grand winding staircase and she stopped abruptly.
"Well,this is as far as I can go," she said regretfully,"I've got to get back to work. Can't keep the boss waiting – nor the patients for that matter."
"I understand," Septimus nodded,"Marcia throws a fit every time I'm late or leave someone waiting. Thanks for walking me down though."
Rose flushed pink,"Oh well. I hope you visit again!" And with that,she darted off down the corridor. But Septimus was overjoyed,Rose wanted to see him again.
He stepped into Marcia's rooms smiling foolishly,ignoring her incredulous gaze and thinking about the next time he could visit.
…
After that day,Septimus became a regular at the Sick Bay,though he spent more time with the young new apprentice than actually visiting the sick,Marcia noted. She would have to keep an eye on that Rose.
