A/N:I'm alive. I don't own Septimus. This is pretty horrid but the site is sort of inactive right now,so.Morning Light
She is still here,somehow.
They lay in her garden,not quite touching. Around them are flowers,perfuming the early morning air. Lilies. Evening Primroses. Orchards. Jasmines. Yarrow. It is dusk,the first hint of the sun's rays casting lines of light and dancing shadows across the rooftop.
"What are you thinking about?" he whispers into the sky.
She's thinking of smoke and mist swirling through the air and the garden from when she had a mother. Clouds dotting the clear blue,holding out her hands for rain and getting pain instead. Pain. She's thinking of the Syren taking over her mind,ripping away her control,forcing her to speak and move. She's remembering her mentor telling her never to let anyone but herself be in control. She's seeing a man,then a ghost,and the Q on the stone and herself fighting,the arms of the guards wrapped around,suffocating. She's thinking of petals falling to the abandoned ground next to a grave. She's thinking of floating in nothingness and not knowing if you're dead or alive.
"Everything."
He takes her hand then,and her fingers reflexively curl around his. His face alight in the sun,the waves lapping at their feet and the tail of the dragon. Their Apprentice tunics,both green and one new and the other in tatters. I don't care what it is,I will do it. Just make Spit Fyre live. Please.
"What are you thinking about?" she asks then,looking up into the sky and all the while seeing purple mist,hearing it calling her name,Syrah,Syrah,Syrah. Sleeping and waking up. One. Two. Three. In a different place every time. The island with fruit and clear water,fighting and living and not knowing for five hundred years.
He doesn't answer at first,squeezing her fingers. Then,at last,"Banana bears."
Banana bears. Roasted over a crackling fire,shooting sparks onto their arms. Laughter. Banana bears. You want them,Syrah,they're really good,a girl with brown braids and ribbons tossing them to her,still hot. A lady with brown curls from five hundred years ago pressing them into her palm,laughter in her hazel eyes. A treat,my love. Banana bears. Septimus,Jenna,Beetle,Wolf Boy,Lucy. Syrah,the Syren's gone now,you're free.
Banana bears. All the things to be thinking about,and he's thinking about Banana bears. For the first time in years,she laughs. He squeezes her hand harder.
Light spills over every corner of the rooftop.
Septimus doesn't let go,and she smiles. Banana bears. This is a start. She will never be happy. One day,though,she will be alright. Because she's fighting again,no longer wanting to be a shell. An empty person dried out on the sand,clinging to lost hope in the cold. A part of her did die on that island,or else is still stuck in the Deeps somewhere,too exhausted to fight anymore,listening to the rain and waiting for the Syren to pass.
But the rooftop is not hers anymore. It's theirs. The flowers bloom. The days flood together.
And they live.fin.
