A/N:I don't own Septimus Heap or THM. This story was hard to write,because a) I am a girl b) first person is haaarddd but third person would not work (really,I wish I could show you guys the first draft *cringes*) c) I am not exactly sure how two or more brothers act together and d) I am not the oldest. Or British.
Oh yeah,and Jo-Jo. I have no idea how to write him. He's so confusing ugh. But I love him.
I'll share some facts from the books at the beginning of every chapter that'll be relevant in the story,for fun:The Heap boys slept in a heap of blankets on the floor. Jo-Jo and Beetle are the same age and were friends growing up,but Mrs. Beetle did not approve. Simon was the nicest to Jenna;not as nice to his brothers. According to Nicko in Flyte,Sam 'is an amazing fisherman',Edd and Erik 'are just a laugh',Jo-Jo is 'is quiet but really clever... likes herbs and stuff- a bit like mum'. According to the TodHunter Moon series,though,Jo-Jo is a disaster and kind of emo? Anyway,enjoy.In Charge
"What do you mean you're leaving me in charge?" I demanded,staring at my parents. It was official:they had finally lost it. "You're going to go out for a whole night and leave me with five small,highly dangerous maniacs?"
"'M not maniac," Nicko called from across the room with his mouth full,where he was eating peanut butter out of the jar with Edd. Or Erik.
Edd-or-Erik turned around to face me and smirked. I glared back. Definitely Erik.
"Do stop exaggerating,Simon," Mum said tiredly. "You've watched them before."
"But you and Dad were always at least two feet away," I pointed out.
There is absolutely no privacy in our home. Except for Jenna's cupboard bed,which is Jenna's.
Why did she get the cupboard bed?
As I pondered over the cupboard bed,Mum continued to try and reason with me. She was not very good at it. I remained unconvinced. Just as I began planning an experiment with the pillows from Jen's bed and the pillows from our heaps of blankets on the floor,Dad cut into my thoughts.
"You aren't going to die if you babysit,Simon," he informed me.
He did not know how dangerous everyone was when not under adult supervision.
"Yes,I am," I told them seriously. Jenna wandered over to me and attached herself to my leg,and looked up at me with her big violet eyes. I looked away. "Don't leave me to my inevitable doom with the babies."
"I'm not a baby," my baby sister said. Nicko slid over from the corner and handed Jenna a spoon of peanut butter as a mark of comrade.
"Simon," Dad said,"We haven't had a night out since the twins were born. Can't you give us this? For one night?"
How was I going to refuse if they put it that way? I mean,without looking heartless. "All right."
"Thank you,love," Mum beamed. "Listen to Simon,children. He's in charge. And be good!"
Edd,Erik,Jo-Jo,Nicko,and Jenna immediately put on looks of impossible innocence. Sam just blinked. I think he was being slow today.
"All right then,'bye!" Mum and Dad flew out the door,as if they couldn't get away from us fast enough. It was slightly insulting.
"'BYEEEEE!" we all called after them. And then the door shut,leaving me to my doom.
"Right," I said,glaring at the door. It would be nice if Mum and Dad waltzed back in,realizing what a crazy idea this was,but there was no waltzing. "I'm in charge. Anyone who doesn't listen to me will face my wrath."
Sam snorted. "What wrath?"
I ignored him. I knew more Magyk than all the Heaps combined. All he could do was fish.
What wrath,indeed.
"Even me?" Jenna asked,reattaching herself to my leg. She had been slipping earlier.
"Of course not," I assured her,hoisting her up. She giggled,and I smiled. I liked making her laugh,and no one could do it as well as I could.
"Will I face your wrath?" Nicko asked hopefully.
I didn't even bother looking down. "Yes."
"That's not fair," Erik whined. "You're the nicest to Jenna 'cause she's the youngest."
"No," Edd objected,"it's because she's the only girl."
"Yeah," Sam agreed as he sat on a sagging stack of books. I glared at him. Some second in command he was. "I bet if it were Se-"
Oh,Hotep-Ra,what was he saying? Was he really that stupid? Weren't people with a whole lot of younger siblings supposed to be smart? Well,I obviously am,but maybe Sam was just dropped on his head as a child.
Oh,wait,he fell in that well. Same difference.
We weren't aloud to talk to the babies about Septimus until they turned eight. I scowled at him,hard,instilling the fear of God in him.
At least he had enough brains to notice the look I was giving him. "I bet if she were a,er,cucumber,Si wouldn't be so nice," Sam quickly backtracked.
I spoke too soon. No brains. Whatsoever.
"If she were a cucumber then she wouldn't be alive," Jo-Jo said,looking as though he were concerned for Sam's mental health. I thought that was pretty rich of him,especially since he spent all day talking to himself and quietly singing. Once,he picked up a leaf and sniffed it. I think that's the most exciting thing he's done in a while.
"Maybe cacucumbers are alive," Nicko piped up.
"Cucumbers," I corrected.
"Cacucumbers," Nicko repeated forcefully.
"Cucumbers."
"Cacucumbers."
"One day," I told him,"you are going to grow up,go to school,and say cacucumbers. And everyone will laugh at you."
"Shut up,Si," Sam said. I whirled around and instilled the fear of God in him once more. He backed away slowly and fell off the books. He hit his head on yet more books and his latest fishing pole.
What do you say earlier? Oh yeah,what wrath? I cackled inwardly.
"So the cacucumbers," Nicko continued,ignoring my groans,"they are actually alive,and they're just sitting in the garden-"
"Cucumbers don't sit," I pointed out scornfully. Maybe if I rolled my eyes back far enough,I'd be able to see my own brain,because I certainly wasn't going to be exposed to anything resembling one today.
Actually,to be fair,my brothers could be clever sometimes. But no one,no one was the way I was. They didn't understand me,either,and didn't want to listen to what I had to say. Except in dance class,where Lucy Gringe actually had conversations with me- but the Gringes were trouble and Dad said they made blonde jokes in their home. Sometimes this made me feel a little... no,a lot lonely.
"Okay,so they aren't sitting,they're just layin' there,and Mum picks them up and throws them in a pot-" Nicko interrupted my thoughts.
"-And they're begging for mercy," Erik added with relish.
"We eat raw cucumbers," I scoffed.
"All right then," Edd jumped in,"so Mum picks them up and throws them on the chopping board,raising her knife high above her head-"
"We eat whole cucumbers."
"Let us live,Si," Edd grumbled. I was sure he didn't even know what that meant. Nicko,on the other hand,was finding a loophole for the cucumbers to be alive and was in deep thought.
Jo-Jo stopped his quiet one man opera from the corner and scooted over as if he were on wheels. "Maybe they die as soon as you pick them,like flowers."
"Yeah!" Nicko cheered.
Seriously,were they really so in need of a hobby that they were entertained by the prospect of cucumbers dying?
Jenna surveyed us for a moment with her pretty violet eyes and then burst into tears. I was there in a flash,scooping her into my arms and rocking her soothingly. "Oh,Jens,what is it?" I asked,worried. Did she get a splinter? Did she step on something? Was she dying? I had failed life. The end was near.
Jenna peeked out from my shoulder and pointed at Nicko and the twins,before once again succumbing to sobs. I knew what she was upset about immediately.
"Look what you've done!" I told the twins angrily,refraining from shouting only because I didn't want to upset my baby even more.
Nicko shifted guiltily,and even though he didn't really do anything,Jo-Jo the drama queen- er,king- looked extremely remorseful. I saw a tear in his eye. Erik began to fade into the wall. Edd whistled innocently.
Sam glared. I glared back. Why couldn't I have a better second in command? He was more trouble than the babies.
"You weren't trying to stop them,though," he said,looking concerned for Jenna. I knew better. "In fact,you were helping them."
Oh.
"Yeah,whatever," I muttered. Curse you,Sam. "Do you wanna talk about it,Jens?"
"Mummy kills cucumbers!" she wailed,and began to cry harder. I refrained from telling Nicko that his sister was better at speaking than him and patted her small back.
"No,she doesn't," I pacified her.
"Nicko and Edd and Erik said she does!"
"They don't know anything."
I heard indignant gasps from my brothers but ignored them. Really,you'd think they didn't go to school or something,the way they went on about those blasted cucumbers.
"Jo-Jo said," Jenna hiccuped. She twisted her head to look at her brother.
"Jo-Jo doesn't-" I paused. Being mean to Jo-Jo was like kicking a puppy. It felt morally wrong. "Jo-Jo was joking."
I glanced at my younger brother,who was knotting leaves into a bracelet. Which was weird,because two months ago he went through a bracelet hating phase. I swear he changes personality every few weeks. He looked up,and I saw a lone tear run down his cheek. He began to hum a slow funeral march while looking me in the eye. I shifted uncomfortably and then turned back to Jenna. Jo-Jo could be weird sometimes.
"Jenna?" I said. "Jens,are you okay?"
My sister peeked up at me from where she was wetting my jumper with her tears and let out a loud wail. I took that as a no.
"Jens,but you know Mum doesn't kill cucumbers,right?" I prayed she'd say yes.
Jenna nodded,and I inwardly cheered. Outwardly,my stomach growled. I cursed it for being so loud,but remained dignified,like they taught in dance class. Of course,I was born dignified.
"Do you want to sit on the floor and play with Nicko,pretty girl?"
Jenna rubbed her small fists into her eyes. "Yes."
I set her carefully on the floor and rubbed her fluffy dark-haired head. I glared at Sam for good measure. Sam glared back. Then we came to a silent truce by raising our eyebrows simultaneously.
"Edd,Erik,you watch the babies-" "I'm not a baby!" "-and Sam and I'll get dinner ready. And don't mention the C word. Alright?"
"Alright," Edd said. Erik tugged at his earlobe and nodded. I wondered what that meant. Then I wondered why I cared.
"What about me?" Jo-Jo asked, drawing himself up to his full not-very-impressive height.
I paused,feeling guilty. I honestly had a tendency to either forget Jo-Jo or pretend he didn't exist;either he was blending into the wall or acting like a maniac at the worst possible time.
Like now.
"Well?" Jo-Jo thundered. I wanted to leap back at this strange display of behavior but instead looked him in the eye. Maybe I could Tranfix him. I could hear Sam laughing and Caused a potato to hit him in the face. After that I just heard some anguished moans.
We looked at each other for a while,and then my brother sat down,ending our impromptu staring contest. I looked at him some more. He blinked.
"Jo-Jo?" I asked carefully.
He looked sad,although I wasn't sure why. "I'm hungry," he said. Then he picked up his abandoned bracelet and continued to knot it. I shifted,not sure what to do.
Sam slid off his latest seat (read:stack of books) and kneeled down besides Jo-Jo. I stepped back because,although I didn't like to admit it,while I was the best at comforting Jenna and covering up for my siblings,it was always Sam and Jo-Jo,Edd and Erik,and Nicko and Jenna.
And then me. Huggable,schunggable me,with no companions but dusty and forgotten books,voice lost amongst the cries and wails of my brothers,kicked by Sam and Nicko every night underneath the tangle of bed sheets...
Sam interrupted my inner monologue by talking to Jo-Jo in a calm,soothing voice. "Cool?" he asked,when he was done.
"Yeah," Jo-Jo said enthusiastically. "Really cool. So,totally,cool. Cooooool."
I groaned inwardly,hoping that Jo-Jo had not just decided he was due for a personalty change. I hated it when that happened. He never said,but I was pretty sure that he experimented for about two days and then chose which one he thought was the best.
Remember,this is the boy who decided that every time you drank lemonade,a dolphin dies and went on a strike for a month.
His decision skills are not his strongest point.
I quickly glanced at him,in case he decided that it was time for a change. But Jo-Jo seemed occupied at the moment,now gathering Jenna into his lap and putting a leaf on her head. She giggled and batted at her dark hair.
"Make sure she doesn't eat it,Jo!" I called anxiously. Jenna had eaten a lot of strange things in her short life. Edd and Erik gotten her to eat ants,once. And a spoon.
But we don't talk about the spoon.
Jo-Jo nodded at me. "Cool," he said. Then he resumed his one man opera from earlier.
"He just wanted to feel important," Sam told me quietly. Well,quietly for him,which meant only five out of ten of the neighbors could hear. I shushed him,but Jo-Jo had gotten to the loud part of his opera luckily did not hear.
"Okay," I told him. "Alright. So,Sam,supper?"
"Supper," he agreed.
The upstairs neighbors pounded on the ceiling with their broom as we squeezed through Edd and Erik wrestling (and screaming) with Nicko to the tune of Jo-Jo's singing and Jenna's giggles. "For heaven's sake! Will you Heaps be QUIET DOWN THERE?"
"YES MA'M!" I hollered back up with fellow feeling. Honestly,I felt like doing that ninety percent of the time,but in my dreams,I was hitting the broom on my brothers' heads,not the floor.
"HI JO-JO!" a squeaky voice called.
"HI BEETLE!" Jo-Jo yelled back. He turned to Erik. "I told you he was real."
Erik stuck out his tongue. I scoffed. How juvenile. I really needed to teach him some comebacks.
Sam looked at me and mouthed,What the heck is going on?
I shrugged. I had no idea. And usually when I had no idea,it meant no one else knew anything either. Especially Sam. I knew we should have gotten him checked after that well.
"CAN YOU PLAY TOMORROW?" the voice boomed.
"OF COURSE!" Jo-Jo hollered.
A jumper blew up in the background,causing a five second diversion. Erik gathered up the ashes lovingly and Edd quickly sat on his Magykal FyreFlicker.
"I'LL MEET YOU IN THE WELL HALL AT FOUR!"
"DONE!"
"BEETLE! I TOLD YOU TO STAY AWAY FROM THE HEAPS!"
We heard a bit of thumping and struggling and 'I raised you better than this's.
"BYE JO-JO!"
"BYE BEETLE!"
Everyone in the room was quiet for a bit,which has probably never happened before. Since Sam was born. I was a quiet,well behaved child.
I think.
Then Erik and Edd simultaneously coughed the most obnoxious cough I've ever heard,thus breaking the lovely silence. Sam wacked them both on the head.
"Jo-Jo," I said slowly while Sam went around wacking everyone but Jenna for no apparent reason,"Who were you talking to?"
"My friend," Jo-Jo replied,looking at me as though I were a bit thick. I was offended.
Sam wacked Jo-Jo on the head and reached towards me. I clapped in his face and he fell back onto yet anther pile of books,groaning and moaning. Jenna went over to him and wacked his head. I've never felt prouder of her.
Sam glared at me. "Supper," he said,as Jenna sat down on his chest.
A/N:this ends chapter one. I know this story is not that great,but I had fun,so I'm not really apologizing. I hoped you liked it and please review. Chapter 2 will be up as soon as I can manage.

A/N:I don't own Septimus Heap. Thanks for the reviews,peoples! This chapter isn't as good,though. sorrrrryyy.
Fun facts:Lucy and Simon met when they were fourteen at dance class. Simon used to go on and on about being EOW,and his brothers said it got boring (Flyte). The Heaps had books everywhere in their home. Edd and Erik put a millipede down Nicko's shirt and he's been afraid of things that creep and crawl ever since (Magyk). And as Angie said in a recent interview,Simon would've sworn a lot if she'd allowed it.
That's all I can think of for now. Enjoy.In Charge (chapter II)
"Get up," I commanded.
"I've got a giant pig sitting on me." Sam rolled his eyes back and pretended to die. "Blerghh."
Jenna giggled. "Oink. Oink."
"Blagh."
"Oink."
I scooped her up. "Come one,little pig," I said,setting her back down near Jo-Jo. "Are you hungry?"
"I'M HUNGRY!" Nicko hollered right next to my face,damaging my eardrums for life.
"Nicko," Sam said,"we are right next to you. No need to be so loud."
"Is the pot calling the kettle black?" I mumbled.
Sam turned sharply,dislodging Nicko from where he had been hanging onto his tunic hem. "What did you say,Simon?"
Sam only called me that when he was really angry. His small brain seemed to think it was an insult. "Nothing,Samantha."
Sam gritted his teeth. I raised my eyebrows. He gritted them some more. I tried to raise my eyebrows even higher but they wouldn't budge. He gritted. I decided to waggle my eyebrows. Then I caught my reflection in Mum's shiny dish and realized I looked like a lunatic.
"You're wearing my pants," he grumbled finally.
I was aghast. Why did he think I would even want to touch his terrible unwashed pants? "I would never wear your pants," I scoffed. "You're much too short."
At times like this,I wish I had a separate bed where I could keep my clothes instead of throwing them on our shared closet (read:slightly larger stack of books). Seriously,why did Jenna get the cupboard bed?
I should get the cupboard bed.
"I am not short," Sam said,drawing himself up from the floor. He came up to my ear.
"What?" I asked casually. I watched as Sam turned into a tomato.
"I am NOT short! And you do have my pants,Simon Heap!"
"I'm sorry," I said. "What did you say? You're so small I can't hear you from all the way up here."
Sam grabbed my collar and forced me down to his height. "I AM NOT SHORT!"
"Don't worry," I told him sweetly,"someday you'll grow up to be big and strong,too."
Then Sam exploded. Not literally. Unfortunately.
"WHAT DID YOU SAY?"
I shrugged and tried to instill the fear of God in him again. This time,though,it didn't work.
"I HEARD WHAT YOU SAID! IF YOU SAY THAT AGAIN,I'LL-"
"What? Fish me?"
"FIGHT! FIGHT! FIGHT!" the twins cheered. Nicko grabbed Jenna's hands and swung her around in a war dance. Jo-Jo just looked very annoyed that his opera had been interrupted. Then he saw what was going on and laughed. Erik patted his head fondly while still cheering.
Sam pounced.
I kicked him in the gut. He wacked me on the head. I shoved a hand through his curls and managed to pull myself on top of him. He rolled over and pushed me off with his head.
"I am not short,Simon," Sam growled.
"Give it up,Samantha," I jeered. I kicked him into a potted plant.
"No!" Jo-Jo wailed. I groaned. Had he decided to become peacemaker now? He had horrible timing. "You're hurting the plant!"
Oh. Well,a defender of vegetation was even worse.
"Yeah,you're hurting Orianna," Erik piped up. Sam and I stopped kicking to stare at him for a bit.
I looked at Edd for an explanation. "Jo-Jo named the plant and Erik agreed," Edd said. Sam and I stopped staring at Erik to stare at Edd for a bit instead.
Then Sam punched me in the face,and the fight resumed.
I dragged him by the leg and elbowed him in the side. He kicked me in the gut and then leaped on top of me. I rolled over and watched him fall off. Unfortunately,Sam did not hit his head on a stack of books. I wish he did,for continuity's sake. Sam could be very annoying sometimes.
"You're just a pompous prat!" Sam growled as he inched back. "You're horrible at this 'in charge' thing!"
"Ha!" I laughed. The nerve of him! "When I'm ExtraOrdinary Wizard-"
"Oh no," Edd said.
"Here he goes," Erik added.
I ignored them. Seriously,these were the boys who were obsessed with dying cucumbers. They had no right to be judging anyone at this point. "-I'll be in charge of far more than just you! And you'll see just how good I am at it!"
"Yeah right," Sam grunted,and tried to punch me again.
Ten minutes later,I had a bruise on my cheek and he had a black eye.
"Quits?" Sam asked.
I pondered this for a moment. Then I saw Jenna in the corner,looking small and fluffy. I suddenly hated myself. Why did I get into a cat fight in front of my baby sister when she didn't have Mum to hide behind? "Yeah," I said. "Quits."
We shook hands. Sam's hand was suspiciously greasy,so I let go of it as soon as possible. Nicko the violent booed us.
"So,we need to get supper ready," I told Sam.
"Right."
We squeezed past the wall of Heaps and into our tiny kitchen,which was only a little bigger than Jenna's cupboard bed. I sighed longingly at the thought of that soft,quiet bed.
Then Sam swore.
I gasped. "Where did you learn that?" Only I was allowed to swear. Of course,Mum didn't know about that.
"Nicko," Sam said. "But that's not important."
"You learned a swearword from Nicko?"
"Yes,but-"
"How did that happened? That is insane!" I threw up my hands. "He's six!"
"Si,shut up and listen!" Sam said,glaring.
I glared back. No respect at all. Children these days.
"Look what's for dinner." Sam shoved the box under my nose,making me go cross eyed.
"Sam," I said,"I can't see." I snatched the box back and peered inside. Then I swore.
Sam looked shock. "Where'd you learn that from?"
I looked at him incredulously. Seriously,that well had done something to his already small brain. "You,idiot."
I snatched the box again and peered in once more,in case I saw wrong the first time. But no,my perfect eyesight had not failed me. In the box sat a pile of cucumber sandwiches,with a stack of peeled and salted whole cucumbers next to them.
"What do we do?" Sam asked frantically.
"Do you have any fish?" I replied,thinking quick. Sam always had some fish somewhere. Yesterday morning I woke up to a salmon falling out of its hiding place and landing on my face. I woke up Sam by slapping him with it.
"No,Mum cooked it for Dad's lunch yesterday."
I swore again. "Any other food you've been hoarding?" I snapped.
"I don't hoard. And no," Sam said irritably.
A loud scream sounded a couple feet away. "ARRRGGHHHHH!"
"What was that?" I asked nervously. Did something happen to Jenna? To any of them? Had they died before they could starve from a lack of supper?
Sam stood on his toes and looked over my shoulder. "It's nothing,Edd and Erik are putting a millipede down Nik's shirt."
Oh,thank God. I had thought that someone had died. Putting a millipede in Nicko's shirt was harmless. Nothing that would scar him for life. I,on the other hand,will never get over waking up to a giant fish eye staring at me.
Sam interrupted my thoughts. "Si? What are we going to do?"
"Go out and get food,of course," I answered confidently. On the inside,my mind was whirling. I wasn't sure it would be safe. It was night,and the Custodian guards would be out. "You stay here-"
"What? No!" Sam protested. "I am not letting you go out there alone. Remember when you almost got shot?"
I bristled. Yes,I remembered,but I didn't like to. "I was eleven. I know better now."
"Yeah,going up to them and playing mind games was probably the stupidest thing you've ever done," Sam said. "And then when you came home,you kicked me. I was a small,defenseless nine year old. No one ever kicked you when you were nine."
I scowled. "Stop bringing up my dark past." Sam loved to tell stories about how I used to kick him and cause him pain and agony. He also loved to tell stories about his thick skin. Once I pointed out that those two things didn't add up,and then he kicked me. The nerve of him! "Anyway,I need you to stay here and watch the rest of us."
"Mum put you in charge,not me," Sam argued.
"Right,which means I go out, I go past the Custodians,and I get the food. I'm the oldest,it's my responsibility," I replied. I waited for this to settle in,since Sam was being a bit slow today.
Sam,to my surprise,nodded. "Okay. I'll watch them," he said. "Stay safe,Si."
Overcome by sudden inconvenient but strong emotion,I ruffled his hair. Sam ducked rudely.
"Don't do that," he snapped,hands flying to rearrange his curls.
I ignored him and ruffled them one more time. His hair was not as soft and well-conditioned as mine. Then I squeezed over to my brothers and sister. They seemed to be playing a game involving lots of teeth gnashing and jumping up and down.
"Dinner?" Jo-Jo asked hopefully,pulling on my hands.
I surveyed them solemnly,thinking of what to say. "Dinner," I said,"has escaped."
I was met with a series of gasps.
"How dare it!" Edd muttered.
"Dinner doesn't like us?" Jenna asked tearfully.
"We do eat it," Nicko reasoned.
"I think it left because you were too loud,Jo-Jo," Erik explained. I thought that was pretty rich of him,since he was the one who blew up that jumper earlier. And those pants yesterday. And that cloak the day before.
I suddenly realized why we were all of a sudden so short on clothes.
"I,Simon Heap," I announced,"am going to go forth and find us new food. Sam will be in charge while I'm out."
"Don't go!" Jenna launched herself onto my leg and began to climb.
"Sorry,Jens," I said,trying to look anywhere but those big,adorable violet eyes. "I need to go or else we'll starve."
Jenna whimpered. "Si,stay."
Sam pulled her off. "Come on,princess,we'll play a game."
Wow. Sam was actually being useful. That was new. I quickly slipped towards the door before could Jenna escape.
"Staaaaaay," Jenna wailed.
Erik patted her shoulder comfortingly,and Edd sat on Nicko. Nicko began to make chocking sounds.
"Bye," I called. "Edd,stop sitting on Nicko-" "But he's comfy!" "-and everyone,be good. I'll be back in a tick."
"Bye!" they yelled back. Jo-Jo even waved a hanky he got from goodness knows where.
I closed the Big Red Door behind me with a small bang. I wasn't too worried about myself. I had Magyk.
The problem in the first place,though,was that I had Magyk.
Leaving The Ramblings wasn't too much of an issue. The corridors were relatively empty,and the only thing that slowed me down was a sticky piece of banana bear that some idiot left on the floor. I suspected one of those loud music playing teenagers from the second floor. Speaking of,I passed them last and managed to leave with my eardrums still attached. Growing up with five brothers and a sister will do that to you.
I also had Magykal earplugs,so that helped too.
After sneakily tip toeing out of The Ramblings,I sneakily hid behind a bush. Then I sneakily slithered on the ground behind a Custodian,and then sneakily climbed up a tree. I got stuck there for a bit and had to sneakily leave a bit of my cloak behind. Afterwards,I sneakily jumped onto a conveniently placed roof. Ten minutes later of sneakily jumping from roof to roof,I saw the lights of the market place. Only ten more minutes of being sneaky and I would be there.
I sneakily inched my way around the back of a house. I was wondering if everyone back home was still alive. Jenna might've fallen on the floor. Erik or Edd might've blown up the whole Ramblings. Jo-Jo might've done something so stupid that only he would be able to think of it. Like finding a crocodile under the bed and sitting in it's mouth.
I sneakily jumped down from the roof and onto the grass. Then I not-so-sneakily bumped into a girl. I let out a manly shout.
"Watch it!" I yelped,grabbing my head.
"I knew where I was going. How about you watch it?" the girl snapped back.
I let go of my head. I knew that voice. "Lucy? Gringe?"
A/N:this ends chapter two. This chapter isn't as good compared to chapter one:( And yeah,I know that the cucumber thing was a lazy plot turning thing. Anyway,can you guys could tell me what aspects of this story you like so far so chapter 3 will better? And review please. Chapter 3 will be up as soon as I can manage. It'll be the last and chapter 4 might be an epilogue.
