"Beetle?" said Foxy,stepping into the vaults of number thirteen,where Beetle was working on something. He felt extremely smug,having found some screwed-up letters written in Beetle's handwriting addressed to the queen. They declared Beetle's long suspected crush on Jenna,and were,Foxy had to admit,good love letters. It was a shame Jenna would never read them.
"Yeah Foxy?" Asked Beetle,sounding extremely concentrated. The voice Jenna thought was kind of cute.
"Someone to see you. A ghost. Something about the queen." Answered Foxy,bracing himself for the reaction.
Beetle,who had been studying an ancient model of the wizard tower,promptly turned scarlet and dropped it to the ground,where it promptly broke into thousands of little pieces,and squeaked in a way which wasn't at all like his normal deeper voice "Jenna?"
"Yeah,butterfingers the queen. The one I found loads of crumpled letters to in the wastepaper bin confessing their endless feelings for them. That one"
Beetle jumped up and shouted quickly "Don't show anyone those letters!"
"Course not. So,will you see them?"
"Huh?"
"The ghost who came to see you!" Foxy said,sighing impatiently.
"Yeah,sure."
Beetle walked out the meeting with the ghost feeling sort of disorientated. Tutoring Jenna? On economy? He could never tell her his feelings when he had just told her the seven steps of what to do in a financial crisis. Uhhhhhh. Why did it have to be this? Why? And why,despite the impossibility of the situation,did he feel so happy? Maybe I just want to spend time with Jenna,he thought. She is the most wonderful person that I've ever met. She might even like me back,even though it's very improbable. Well,she did seem kind of more than friends with you when you were trying to defeat the two-faced ring,a little voice inside his head said. Yeah,but even if that's true,she might not feel ready to love you yet,another voice said. I suppose,thought Beetle,I'll just have to wait and see.
"Granddaughter,there is a task you must fulfil in this stage of your queenship which I am afraid I found most dull and tedious. It is necessary though."
Jenna was sitting with her ghostly grandmother in the throne room on a lovely late summer afternoon,after being asked to go there by Fara Field,whom she had recently discovered wasn't called Fara Field but Doris Smythe,a simple maid in the palace of Esmerelda. She wondered what this mysterious task might be. It was apparently tedious and dull,so maybe it had something to do with a ceremony. The last one,induction to the managing of minor law-breaking,had been dull and tedious enough. And it had made her head ache. "What is it? I hope not a ceremony."
"No. It will be longer than a ceremony."
"Oh dear." Inwardly Jenna groaned. "I don't have to read a complex and unnecessarily large book,do I?" she asked nervously.
"None of those. It is tuition with the chief hermetic scribe." Her grandmother said,bracing herself for the reaction.
Jenna suddenly turned pink. "The ch-chief hermetic s-scribe?"
"Yes,I am afraid so. Most dull,don't you think?" she sounded surprised at Jenna's blushing face. "Especially seeing as though it is on" her face displayed a disgusted expression. "The laws relating to how to manage the castle economy"
"Oh No! I'm sure it will be… fun." Jenna said dreamily. Tutoring? With Beetle? That was perfect.
"Really? I didn't suppose you liked to go through endless paperwork on our castle's money problems and history with a boring middle-aged intellectual"
"It's just,the chief hermetic scribe and I are friends. And he isn't middle-aged,he's only sixteen. Not sure about the intellectual bit though."
Her grandmother's ghost looked gloomy. "I wish the chief hermetic scribe of my day had been just sixteen. His name was Waldo Watkins and he was a complete bore. Anyway,you start tomorrow at ten o'clock. The chief hermetic scribe has been informed by a friend of mine an hour ago,per my friend he seemed quite embarrassed and a little dreamy"
"He did?" asked Jenna
"Yes indeed. Why so interested?"
"No reason. I shall go see him tomorrow at ten. Thank you!"
Jenna ran from the throne room to digest this info. As she sat down on her massive bed,she wondered why she felt so happy about studying economy with Beetle. It's not like she had ever been interested in the subject. As she fingered her heart-shaped charm,the one Beetle had given her on her coronation day three months previously,the answer came to her. Did she like Beetle? She supposed so. She had suspected it for months now,and everything felt sort of… dreamy around him. When he had been distant for a while she had felt sort of lost. And plus,there was that dream which she had last night. It was her lying on the grass of the palace lawns at sunset,her head resting on someone's chest. She had looked up in the dream and seen a brief flash of familiar messy black hair and chocolate brown eyes. Beetle's eyes. Then she had woken up and concluded that it was just a result of the weird closeness between her and Beetle lately. The blushing. The brief jump when their hand's touched and how she could find herself talking to him for hours on end,gazing into his deep brown eyes. God,they were deep,she found herself thinking. Like a deep sea that could contain any emotion. From happiness,to sadness,to embarrassment,to shyness,to her favourite one which she only thought she saw every occasionally,love. That was ridiculous. Beetle might like her as more than a friend,but no way did he love her. If he did,he hid it well though. Yes,she thought. She certainly did like Beetle. Maybe even love him. But that wasn't the question. The question was,what the hell was she going to do about it?

Jenna strolled down wizard way,her hair flying out behind her in the summer breeze. It was fifty-five past nine and she had an appointment to make. At a place that was full of books and danger. And was also full of gossiping scribes. Which was unfortunate because if she chanced to do something with Beetle,then she would most likely be spied upon or judged. She pulled the door of number thirteen,magykal manuscriptorium and spell checker Inc.,and walked in slowly,cautious that the door was being fixed after a series of unpleasant incidents where it had set of the rouge spell alarm when opened. It had resulted in the use of her queen voice on several angry neighbours and an irate William Wyvald,who owned a bookshop nearby. She was greeted in the manuscriptorium by Foxy,and lead to the vaults at the back,where Beetle was sitting,concentrating deeply on a large map of the ice tunnels. It had several moving dots on it,which she assumed were ghosts. To her embarrassment,she kind of thought that Beetle looked cute,in the handsome sort of way rather than the huge eyed,small sort of way. His hair hung over his face and he was biting his lip and frowning slightly. He turned to their direction and blushed profusely.
"Jenna! Your umm,early!"
"Actually" she said,checking a timepiece and did her best Jillie Djinn impression "I was here at ten am precisely"
"Sorry I didn't meet you at the front. No one told me you arrived"
"I don't mind. I'm sorry you have to tutor me on economy"
"I don't mind doing it"
"really?"
"it means I spend more time with you." He turned red and added "as a friend"
Jenna felt almost regretful he had added the last bit. "of course," she sighed "I'm sure you're an amazing teacher"
"Don't worry" he laughed "you won't have to call me sir or master or anything"
"What if I want to?"
"Then I really don't mind"
"Ok sir. Thank you so much sir"
"Ok,maybe I do mind. You're making me feel kind of old"
Jenna sat down on the chair opposite Beetle and noted the large stack of books on the table. They all had titles like 'Pecuniary History of our Castle- a brief history'. She frowned.
"do I have to read those?"
"do you really think I would force you to read a book of that size? Even I wouldn't read it! It's a thousand and fifty pages long!"
"ouch. Why did you leave it on the table then?"
He smiled mischievously and said "to hit things with"
"huh? I don't believe that for one second"
"ok then. I put it there to scare you"
"you evil person"
"I know. It was just a pretty good opportunity"
"I know. I would have done the same. Are you going to teach me anything then?"
"yeah. I wanted to start with history"
"oh,yay" she said unenthusiastically
"I know. It's so stupid"
"I wish I could do something else with you"
"me too"
"I was actually thinking I was looking forward to these lessons,but I suppose I just wanted to hang out with you."
"we could always bunk"
"really? How?"
He grinned and said "the ice tunnels"
Five minutes later they both stood in the gleaming tunnels. Beetle had told the scribes they were doing something important and not to interrupt unless it was an absolute emergency which wasn't something petty like the stack of paper falling from the window. None of the scribes would have interrupted anyway. They knew all the feelings that ran between Beetle and the queen. It would have been quite soppy if they had interrupted anyway.
"Jenna" Beetle said "can I show you a place which I found?"
"of course,as long as it doesn't contain several heavy volumes on stuff which is inconsequential to me and basically you too"
"don't worry,I think you'll like it. And if you don't we can do some other stuff…"
"I think I'll love it."
"Ok,D'you want to sit on the back bit of the sled?"
"Why the back?"
"Cause I'm not sure you can ride a sled Jenna. I think it might be too scared of you to not do what you want though."
"I'm scary?"
"But nice too… and an amazing friend"
"oh,yeah,a friend. Thanks… I'll get on the back"
Beetle wished he hadn't said the friend bit. He didn't know why,but Jenna seemed kind of disappointed. Maybe it meant she liked him. He hoped it meant she liked him. He sighed and shook off his chief hermetic scribe robe. It wasn't really made for sledging,and he didn't want to have it trailing behind him. And besides,he had his admiral's jacket anyway,which was sort of the same colour and it reminded him of his time on the isles of the syren with Jenna ages ago,when he had been able to spend days on end with her without anyone caring. Sometimes he wished he could get stuck on a remote island with her again. But that was never going to happen. And if it could,neither of them would do it anyway. There was just too much at the castle.
"Ready to go?" he asked Jenna,who was looking sort of cold. "Hey,do you need a cloak?"
"No,I'm good." She replied,not fooling Beetle for a second.
"Seriously? You're shivering and your lips are blue."
"Ok,maybe I am kind of cold. But it doesn't matter"
"It does to me. I'm gonna get you a cloak,ok?"
"Fine" she said,touched by the fact he cared this much. How had she never noticed this? "Thank you so much"
"It's cool"
He emerged from the hatch a few minutes later with a dark blue cloak lined with a sort of brown fur. It wasn't very fancy or anything,but it was really warm.
"That's better. Thank you so much"
"S'ok. Least I could do"
"No really! Not many people would care enough to risk getting into trouble just for me"
"Oh" said Beetle,not sure how to reply. "You're welcome"
Jenna smiled and put her hands round his waist,and they sped of down the gleaming white tubes of ice.

While Jenna and Beetle where speeding along the ice tunnels,Septimus was on his way down to visit the sickbay. He had told Marcia he was going to visit Syrah,but in reality he was going to see Rose. He didn't know when he had stopped going to the sickbay for Syrah,and started to go to see Rose,but it was happening. He just couldn't tell Rose that yet. As he went through the heavy silver plated door,he smiled at the head of long brown hair that was sleeping on the desk.
"Umm,Rose?"
"Whaa?" said Rose,jolting out of her slumber. Her pretty face was flushed and her ridiculously long hair was kind of messy.
"Are you ok? You were asleep on the desk!"
"Sorry!" she said "I was up until really late yesterday trying" she yawned "to find a cure to one of the scribe's conditions"
"What condition?" Septimus asked,curious. He had always wondered what Rose actually had to deal with all day.
"Umm… sneezing fire. Even when asleep he does it."
"Oh dear. Did you find a cure?"
Rose blushed and said quietly "No… I was just so tired so I kind of fell asleep"
"I get it. Marcia asked me to find a way of getting paper beetles out of her study once,and I fell asleep of the pyramid library ladder."
"how old where you?"
"thirteen" he said,embarrassed
"Oh."
"I think I can help you find something."
"Really? How?"
"a find. Ahem." He suddenly looked very concentrated and said in a sort of grown up voice "find what I may not,find an object that we cannot,I give you orders to get,a cure for a person who is sneezing fire as of yet!"
A book from the shelves behind zoomed into Septimus's arms,opened at a page entitled 'a baysk brew,for the ejection of flames in the nasal area'. He smiled and handed it to Rose,who looked relieved.
"Thank you so much! This has saved me from A LOT of trouble."
"No problem. Need any help?"
"If you don't mind" she said shyly
"Not at all" he replied equally shyly. "I'd love too"
Septimus was led to a small room lined with neat jars of ingredients and a large collection of glass bottles. It had three silver cauldrons in the middle,one very large,one medium and one which was quite small. Rose picked up the small one and placed it on a large desk made of dark wood. She sighed.
"Septimus?"
"Yep?" he said,observing a bunch of snail shells floating in green slime.
"Could you please get me seven jars entitled 'marsh bane','lily oil','lagoon foam','MarshBerry juice','essence of fish scale','dragon breath concentrate' and a jar full of white rose petals."
"OK!"
Septimus searched the shelves,aware that he had forgotten to comb his hair that morning. He hoped Rose hadn't noticed,but she was preoccupied in boiling some water in the cauldron over a large fire place. She had somehow managed to comb her hair without him noticing in the time they had been together. How did she do that? He didn't know. He wished he could do that with Marcia. Eventually he had found all the ingredients but the Rose petals.
"Need any help?" asked Rose,who was finished with the water and had walked over to see how septimus was doing.
"Oh,yeah actually. I can't find the rose petals." On a whim he blurted out "I think one might be right in front of me,but no way could I put you in a cauldron" and then turned as red as a strawberry.
"Oh,thank you!" Rose said. Septimus was so… sweet. It was nice that he thought she was like a rose petal. Maybe she was doing something right with her look.
For a moment they stared into each other's eyes,until Septimus slipped over off the ladder he was on,onto the edge of the medium sized cauldron. He lifted a hand to his head and found it was bleeding. Oops. Septimus Heap,you are a clumsy idiot. She'll never like you if you do stuff like that. He groaned slightly as he stood up and put his hand up to his head. Rose,who was kneeling beside him asked stressfully
"Are you Ok?"
"Yeah,I just cut my head a bit"
"Hold on" she said worriedly "I'll get some stuff to heal that"
She got up and found bandages and some antiseptic balm in a nearby cupboard,and then kneeled back beside Sep. As she applied the balm with her beautiful white hands,Septimus tried not to wince and look like a complete wimp. He ended up looking,he thought as he stared into his reflection in the glass bottles,a little like that monster called Frankenstein from a very old story Nicko had told him once when they were camping on a beach in the forest. It wasn't a good look. Especially when he was with Rose. Then to his surprise he found he had been holding onto a jar. He smiled at the contents and handed it to Rose. She smiled too. The jar was full of snow white rose petals.
When they had finished making the potion,Rose scooped it into a silver cup and walked into the main sickbay,holding Septimus's hand. They walked over to the affected scribe,who upon seeing the weird green mixture that they held out to him,sneezed and set fire to his sheets.
"Water?" asked Rose
"Water!" septimus said,but couldn't find any. Sighing,he summoned up his magykal energy and shot out a large fountain of water from his hands. As the fire disappeared in a could of wispy smoke,he turned to Rose and said
"Sorry about the mess Rose"
Rose ran over and threw her arms around him
"Mess" she said "Doesn't matter. That was amazing! Thank you so much!"
Septimus smiled and found yet again he had turned into Mr. Strawberry cheeks. Oh well,he thought. I won't let that ruin my perfect moment.

Jenna was closed her eyes for most of the ice tunnel journey. She had forgotten Beetle had the tendency to race along on the sled like no-one else was there. Although she didn't get the kind of thrill whilst sledging that he did,she did have to admit that it did kind of have a sort of feeling of freedom and adrenaline to it,and plus Beetle was evidently a good sledge man. The other reason she was closing her eyes was more complex;she was trying to get rid of the fear that one of them would fall off and savour being with Beetle alone. They were kind of close to each other,she thought. She could smell lemons (a smell she loved,which was the reason for the short space of time in which Beetle had started using a lemon smelling hair oil. He had been put off when it took three hours to get the sand from the Isles of the Syren out of his hair),and old paper and a slightly enticing smell of candle smoke. It was a nice combination,and reminded her of feeling safe and happy and free. She hoped he didn't mind that she had her hands around his waist.
Beetle was enjoying having Jenna's arms around him. Even though he knew it was probably because she was terrified of falling off rather than wanting to touch him,he still liked it. He hoped he wasn't about to go into that stage of going crazy from lust. That wouldn't be very good. He smiled slightly. He could just about catch the scent of shampoo,lilacs and dark chocolate. It was Jenna's scent,although he didn't know when he had noted this. It was kind of enticing. You,he told himself,are a creepy perv. Why do you think these things? After about ten minutes of sledging,he came to a halt.
"We're here. You have to close your eyes though."
"Beetle,my eyes were already closed. In case no one's told you,you sled like a maniac."
"I have been aware of that fact. Sorry"
"It's fine! It was kind of fun. Terrifying,but fun too."
"Alright,umm,I'm going to lead you to a good spot."
"ok"
He took her hand and led her to a space about three metres away,and said "You can open your eyes now."
Jenna opened her eyes and took in her surroundings. They took her breath away. "It's incredible!" she gasped,because indeed,it was incredible. Beetle had taken her to an area of the ice tunnels that before today,only he had known about. It was a section of tunnel that was under an area of the ramblings,near a large collection of wizarding families. The magyk above had caused the ice to grow lots of stalactites and stalagmites,and the ice to grow lots of different beautiful blue,green and purple colours that lay in strips around the tunnel,all glowing in the cool white light. Beetle loved it here,and he came her when he needed to reflect or think or be happy. He had never told anyone about this,not even Sep. But he loved Jenna,and this was something he wanted to share with her and no one else. He wondered over to his favourite bit of ice,one the exact colour of Jenna's eyes.
"I'm glad you like it" he said shyly.
"I love it." She said,and looked around dreamily.
"What's your favourite bit?"
"I like this colour" she said,pointing to a beautiful deep blue,a little,he thought,like his admiral's jacket "and the dark purple one over there. What's yours?"
"I love this one especially" he said,pointing to a the patch the colour of Jenna's eyes.
She turned pink and said quietly "is that the colour of my eyes?"
Beetle replied equally quietly "It is. It's a beautiful colour."
They were silent for a bit,each trying to think of what to say,until Jenna ventured quietly
"Beetle?"
"Yes?"
"Can I ask you a question?"
"Of course,"
"Do you think I'm… pretty?"
Beetle took a while to reply "I think you're the most beautiful girl I've ever seen"
"You do?" she said,surprised by his answer. Jenna was the type of girl who didn't realise she was beautiful even when people told her. She never thought that Beetle thought she was the most beautiful girl he'd ever seen. It was nice of him.
"I really do." He said,also surprised at how that had rolled off his tongue,and how good it felt to tell her.
"Thank you. You should know that-" she cut of,trying to think of a way to say what she was going to say;he was the handsomest person she'd ever seen. "You're also the cutest boy I've ever seen"
"cute?"
She blushed,and said "you know what I mean"
"Thanks for thinking that. I don't think many people do though"
"Yeah duh,every girl I hear thinks you're really handsome"
"They do?"
"Yep. They all think you and Sep are the best catches in town."
"Well,I think anyone who wanted to date Sep would have to go head to head with Rose,and that wouldn't be an easy fight."
"No,it wouldn't. Sep is lucky she hasn't seen how much sugar he has."
"Yeah- remember that time when we all slept at the palace at that huge sleepover you held?"
"I do. That was kind of gross." Jenna said. At the sleepover breakfast,Septimus had put an entire jar of syrup on his porridge,and eaten IT ALL.
"Anyway,I don't know why they think I would make a good boyfriend,and besides I,don't really like anyone I don't know…"
"Do you like anyone?"
Beetle hesitated,and then answered. "yes,I do. Do you?"
Jenna felt upset. He didn't like her then. She wished she knew who it was. "Yes,I do like someone. But I think they like someone else."
Beetle felt sort of sad. Jenna liked someone? Who? He should have known. "I think we need to go" he said "people might get worried."
"yes" Jenna said sadly "thank you for taking me here."
When they got back to the manuscriptorium,Jenna threw her arms around Beetle,and said
"I think that the girl you like is the luckiest person alive"
"and I think the boy you like is the biggest idiot alive for liking someone else"
Neither of them realised they spoke of themselves.

Jenna was walking slowly down wizard way,on her way to the palace,digesting the news that Beetle liked someone who was probably not her. But what he had said on the way into the manuscriptorium from the ice tunnels didn't make any sense then. He had told her the guy he thought that she liked was the biggest idiot in the world if he didn't like her back. Surely that meant he had feelings for her? No,she thought,he was probably trying to make you feel better because he is sweet and one of the nicest people in the castle. Awakening herself from her thoughts,she saw a familiar girl walking towards her. She smiled at the attractive features and long silky brown hair. It was Rose.
"Hey Rose!"
"Hi Jenna!"
"Are you ok?" noticing Rose looked kind of flushed and a tiny bit tired.
"yeah" said Rose. "I fell asleep on the sickbay desk yesterday and only woke up a few hours ago,"
"how did you wake up then?"
"why d'you ask?"
"because you've turned redder than a sunburnt tomato which is covered in homemade ketchup"
"crumbs,have I? I guess I'll tell you what happened"
"ok. Should we go to wizard sandwiches? I have something to tell you too"
"sure,let's move"
They walked along to wizard sandwiches and ordered their favourite sandwiches.
"so,how's Beetle?" Rose asked as they sat down at the ancient table in the corner,the best one for a private conversation.
"actually " said Jenna,turning pink and looking a little upset "that was what I wanted to talk to you about"
"Ooooh,relationship stuff. I'm listening."
"so,you probably realised that I like Beetle in a more-than-friends kind of way"
"yes,I might have"
"so umm,you also might know that I have to do boring queen stuff with Beetle now."
"not really,but go on"
"well,we bunked to a secret place. I can't tell you where though. And it was romantic and I felt super close to him,but then we sort of got to a moment that I asked him whether he liked anyone" Rose choked on her sandwich "And he said that he did,so he probably doesn't like me like I like him! And then he asked whether I liked anyone,and then I told him I did but he probably didn't like me back. Why does the one person I have feelings for like someone else! Who is it anyway? This is all a complete- Rose,why are you laughing? What's so funny about this?"
"Because" said,Rose,hysterical "He obviously meant you!"
"what?"
"Jenna,Beetle has been in love with you since the day you met. And everyone noticed. Didn't you ever wonder why he blushed whenever he saw you?"
"I thought he was just shy or something" Jenna said
"Nope. You guys are head over heels in love with each other"
"You sure?"
"Yes."
"Thank goodness. I was wondering how to hold it in if he liked someone else. And also,what happened this morning which you wanted to tell me"
Rose smiled and said "well,I was asleep on the desk,probably snoring like a complete piglet. And then Septimus woke me up."
"like sleeping beauty?" Jenna asked,remembering the ancient story Sarah had told her once when she was three.
"not really. The first thing I said was 'whaa'."
"oh dear"
"so yeah,I had been looking for a cure on fire sneezing,and then Septimus did it for me and was really cute and then we went and made the potion together. He kind of fell over though,and cut his head so I gave him bandages"
"I bet that was fun."
"seriously,a wounded crush is a really good opportunity for touching without having to work up to it. Have you ever noticed how soft Septimus's hair is?"
"Ewww,no! He never combs that mop!"
"I know. Anyway,we had been looking for rose petals,and he said that I was like a rose petal. It was really sweet of him. Anyway,we got the potion ready for drinking,and then the scribe sneezed and set his sheets on fire,then Sep put it out with water magyk. It was amazing. So,we kind of hugged and then Marcia came in and told Septimus to,ahem" Rose said,putting on her best Marcia voice "stop spending time in here talking to Rose for goodness sake and start doing some reading up on baysk fire control that was what you were meant to be doing in the first place and my goodness what was that terrible smell of burning?"
"Oh,well sorry about the Marcia bit,but good on you. I'm glad you guys had that happen."
"it was fun. And plus,I think that Sep might be coming to the sickbay to visit me,and not Syrah anymore. I'm probably wrong but…"
"But what?"
"He never asked to see her."
"Oh. Rose?"
"Uh huh"
"next time Sep injures himself,make sure that it's in a more private place. I recommend the torso sort of area"
"Sep doesn't need to injure himself for me to see there!"
"Oh right. He's actually planning to do it anyway."
"WHAT?"
"Don't worry. Sep's a complete idiot when it comes to stupid ideas. He'll come up with an idea one day and the next it will have gone replaced by another one. Like when he decided to climb up raven's rock,and then the next day forgot about it and decided to try out eating a combination of fizzfroot and ketchup."
"He did that?"
"Yep. He did. It was very entertaining"
"I really like him. I hope he feels the same."
"Don't worry. Sep always turns red when I mention you,and one time I heard him telling Beetle about how amazing you are"
"I heard Beetle telling Sep about how pretty you are too actually"
"he was? Oh yeah,he also said I was the most beautiful girl he had ever seen." She turned red.
Rose giggled "he said that,and you still thought he didn't like you?"
"Umm…,yes?"
"I bet by the end of the week you're going to be dating Beetle"
"I bet the same with you and septimus"
"Meet me here in a week?"
"Not unless I have a date then"
"don't worry Jenna. But really remember that Beetle held in his feelings for ages so he might not be willing to tell you stuff"
"and remember how much syrup Sep puts on his porridge"
"I will. I definitely will"

-quick question:what song reminds you of Jenna and Beetle- I think 'Somebody to You' by the Vamps,or that one by Ed Sheeran which goes like 'kiss me under the light of a thousand stars,place you're head on my beating heart'. Sorry I'm really bad at remembering stuff.-
Beetle felt like he was falling into a very large black hole. He had spent the past few years being in love with Jenna,but now when it came to a point he was almost certain that she liked him too,it turned out there was someone else who was probably not him at all. And the other guy she had said she liked probably didn't like her back,she had said. What an idiot! Jenna was the most wonderful girl in the entire world. And despite what she had told him,he still loved her desperately. It felt so bad that he didn't notice Sep walking in looking sort of dreamy.
"Wotcha Beetle!" Septimus sighed. Beetle was in deep thinking mode. "Beetle,wake up you cloth ears!"
"Oh" said Beetle gloomily "Hey Sep"
Septimus noticed the sadness in his friends voice and expression "What's wrong?"
"Doesn't matter"
"It does to me. Now spill"
"K,but first lets go to a more private place. I don't want anyone eavesdropping" he looked at the scribes,all of whom had started looking pretty intrigued at Beetle's sudden change in attitude. Most of them suspected it had something to do with the queen.
"Oh,I was here to go to the vaults and get something for Marcia anyway. And tell you what happened this morning."
"Alright then" he led Septimus into the vaults and left Foxy in charge for a bit.
"So,why're you acting like a depressed oyster?" Septimus said.
"Jenna" Beetle said simply.
"What?" Septimus asked,confused. Why would Beetle be upset about Jenna? They were in love,for goodness sake!
"She doesn't like me." He recounted the events of their lesson,leaving out the bit about the coloured ice. "So,when we were about to leave,she asked me whether I liked anyone. And I said yes. I was going to tell her it was her,but then she said she liked someone who probably didn't like her and I just couldn't say what I was going to! Who does she like? The worst part is that for a second I thought she might feel the same. But it turns out…" he put his head on the table and folded his arms around it.
Septimus sighed. His best friend may have been the chief hermetic scribe,but he was sometimes really,really,dumb. "Beetle,you absolute idiot" he said.
"What d'you mean 'idiot'. The girl I've loved for ages likes someone else!"
"No,she doesn't! She loves you!"
"What do you mean?"
Septimus shook his head in exasperation. "She never said who she liked! And she probably assumed that you liked someone else after you told her that you actually did have a crush on someone. Which explains why she said that the guy she likes has a crush on someone else. Honestly Beetle,sometimes you are a completely dumb."
"I still don't know" said Beetle sadly.
Septimus rolled his eyes. This required serious moral boosting "Beetle,all Jenna ever talks about is you. She says everything around you feel right. She blushes when I mention you,and whenever you enter the room she kind of jumps and smiles. And plus,she told Rose her favourite type of hair was black and messy. And that she loves really brown eyes. And onetime when I asked her her favourite colour,which by the way has always been red,she told me it was deep blue."
"That's my favourite colour too."
"Do you believe me now?"
"Yeah,I guess. But what am I meant to do?"
"Well,tomorrow when you have her for those dumb lessons then you can tell her. Just be your sweet,stutter,fun,fizzfroot drinking self,K?"
"K." Beetle smiled and the said "Sep,I haven't forgotten that you have something to tell me too. And from the stiches on your head I'm assuming it has something to do with Rose"
"Too right."
"Now you can spill"
"Ok,I was going for a walk,and then I went in too the sickbay. And Rose was asleep on the desk and- crap,I wasn't meant to mention that to anyone."
"It's fine,I won't say to anyone."
"I know. Anyway,I found her the cure to a bout of flame sneezing for a scribe and we made the potion to it,which was more romantic than it sounds,cause one of the ingredients was rose petals"
"So you compared her to a rose petal?"
"Right you are. After I did than I fell and cut my head,and she put the stiches on. She has really soft hands you know?"
"No I don't. Probably because I don't inflict myself with cuts and bruises because I want to see her. Anyway,poor girl. She probably had to go through a jungle of hair to actually get to the cut"
"Your one to talk! You need a haircut too!"
"Well so do you! Anyway,at least I brush my hair."
"Yeah,and then screw it up by getting flustered,sledging,and continuously brushing it out your eyes."
"I don't do that do I?" Beetle said,and then realised that he was about to do that very thing. "I suppose I do"
"Keep on doing it. Jenna thinks it's cute."
"Ok,what did you do then?"
"Well,the guy who was sneezing out fire set his bedsheets alight"
"Fires of love" Beetle said sarcastically
"No you idiot. I basically threw water from my hand over onto the flames,and she thought it was amazing"
"That's cause it is. Anyway,is that it?"
"Nope. She kissed me on the cheek"
"OK then. Congrats man"
"I bet by the end of the week we'll both have girlfriends or something"
"Maybe"
"Maybe. I should probably get that Concealing Alamac that Marcia asked me for."
"Oh,Ok. Follow me senior apprentice,Oh great one,Oh seventh son!"
"Ok,most esteemed chief hermetic scribe,future husband of the queen"
"Sep! You know that probably won't happen!" Beetle said,turning beetroot red
"Sorry,but it so will. Anyway,don't you want it to"
"Doesn't matter. Shut up Sep."
"Okay then" Septimus said smiling and following Beetle into the stacks.

-this chapter is dedicated to Racheal Plattern for her amazing song 'Stand By You',which is the song in this chapter,my friends Emily and Sophie who ship Jenna and Beetle even though they haven't read the books,Lady Lythesia (sorry if that's a typo),who gave me my first ever reviews on my oneshots,and finally all the people who I have given Septimus Heap nicknames to who do and don't know it,and the person I nicknamed Beetle but they have no idea,because I am nicknamed Jenna and this would be very awkward if he found out because I may or may not like them. So yeah,super long chapter full or memories and confessions-
Jenna walked along wizard way the next day,and felt super nervous. She wasn't going to mess this up,she told herself. She was going to tell Beetle that she liked him. No,she was going to tell him she loved him,because love him she did. Utterly,Stupidly,Happily,Amazingly,Wonderfully,Truthfully loved him. And she would say so,because she wanted this more than she had ever wanted something in her life.
Beetle felt so nervous he could actually swear he was living through all the bad outcomes that could come of what he was about to say. But they didn't matter,because he was going to tell Jenna that he was in love with her. Utterly,Stupidly,Happily,Amazingly,Wonderfully,Truthfully in love with her. After four years of him changing,he was finally ready. He smiled-he had changed a lot over that time. He remembered the shy thirteen-year-old boy who blushed when she knew his name and put a protective arm around her and counted bones. He remembered the fourteen-year-old who had given her dragon charms in a toffee tin and been unable to say anything longer than two words without squeaking and stuttering. He remembered the boy who had helped fix a ruined map,found a golden pin,wrestled a transforming panther,ran through a library,eavesdropped on a thing,chased after her through a frozen forest and tried to find an axe to break down an unbreakable purple door. He remembered persuading her to leave a fancy ship for a smelly dragon. And worrying about whether she had seen his wobbly hair in the middle of a crisis. And then racing her along a sandy beach and giving her a treasured admirals jacket. He thought of the time he had walked into a Darke Domaine,after sharing a plate of amazing sandwiches. And then when he had given her a tiny golden heart as if to say that he loved her,and her accepting it like she was telling him that she felt the same. And now he thought about what he was about to do,and he smiled because it would be worth it.
Jenna walked through the manuscriptorium door and found Beetle in the front office to meet her. And when she walked through the door,she saw that he was smiling the smile she liked. It was mischievous and fun and made her feel like everything was alright,and that she should smile back. So,she did.
"Hi Beetle"
"Hi Jenna"
Jenna realised something. Beetle had never ever called her Jen,like all her other friends did. How had she not noticed?
"Beetle,why do you call me 'Jenna' instead of 'Jen'?"
"I don't know. I think it's because Jenna is a really pretty name,and also I never knew I did it up until now"
"Oh,thanks"
"It's ok. I don't really like my name that much. It sounds pretty stupid. I don't even have a first name!"
"I think your name is perfect"
"You do?"
"Everything about you is perfect"
They had now walked into the vaults,and Beetle went over to the ancient desk,which was completely devoid of books,and sat down on one of the equally ancient chairs. Jenna sat herself directly opposite him,and crossed her arms on the table and leaned forward.
"Are we bunking again today?" she asked
"I think so"
"Good,I tried reading in on economy yesterday and I didn't get it AT ALL"
"To be honest,it spins my head too"
"Oh thank god,I'm not the only one! But if we bail,what are we going to do?"
"Well,I don't think it would be a good idea for us to do anything outside this room,because Romilly is on her inspections,and it would be pretty suspicious if you walked around the castle with me when Foxy has told everyone that I'm giving you lessons"
"He has?"
"Indeed. I was walking to a shop infested with water brownies by the river,and loads of people asked me how the queen was doing in her lessons.
"What did you say?" said Jenna,not sure whether to be amused or offended at how nosy people were"
"I said that it was kind of confidential,and you had asked me not to say anything and that I would rather not tell them anyway. They all went away looking really disappointed"
"ouch. Why they want to know I have no idea."
"Me neither."
"So,what are we going to do?"
"Well,what would you like to do?"
"Do you have any books on the days beyond?"
"Well,yeah we do actually"
"Could I see? It's one of the only historical things I'm actually interested in."
"Of course,you can see,anytime you like."
He led her to a bookshelf very far down the vaults,and remembered when they had both been here before with that idiot Merrin Meredith and old goat face (less commonly known as Teritius Fume). That was the day he had found her pin in the shape of a 'J',and she had thrown her arms around him. It was also the day he had been fired,which still felt bad to him. But now he was here as a chief hermetic scribe,and she was holding his hand because she could,not because they were running away. Eventually they made it to an ancient bookshelf which was mingled with dust. It felt like being under a curtain,which Beetle knew because he had fought a curtain once,and lost quite badly.
Jenna sneezed,"It's dusty over here. Do many people visit this spot?"
"No one apart from me really. Most don't even know it exists"
"like the coloured ice?"
"I suppose so,yes. And like the coloured ice I go down here because I found something beautiful"
"Really,what is it?"
"Lyrics"
"Lyrics? To songs?"
"Yes,to songs. They're from the days beyond."
"Oh,wow"
"D'you want to read one?"
"Yes please"
He smiled and handed her a small ancient black book which was open at a page which read
'Hands,put your empty hands in mine
And scars,show me all the scars you hide
And,hey,if your wings are broken
Please take mine so yours can open too
Cause I'm gonna stand by you
Oh,tears make a lot a noise in your eyes
And hurt,I know you're hurting but so am I
And love,if your wings are broken
Borrow mine so yours can open too
Cause I'm gonna stand by you
Even if we're breaking down
We can find a way to break through
Even we can't find heaven
I'll walk through hell with you
And love,you're not alone
Cause I'm gonna stand by you
The rest of the page was lost to paper beetles and ware.
"Oh gosh,It's beautiful!" Jenna gasped
"I know,I wish I could hear the end" Beetle looked,thought Jenna,a little sad and very happy. It was exactly how she felt.
"It reminds me of the thing that I was going to tell you today"
"Actually,me too,I have something to tell you"
"You want to go first?"
"Uh,maybe you should"
"Well,I suppose I could say what I was going to say… You know yesterday when you told me that you liked someone"
"Yes"
"Well,I felt really… upset,because I've kind of realised something in the past few months that is probably crazy but definitely true. And I know that if I tell you this you'll probably not feel the same but,the thing is… I love you"
"Jenna,what I wanted to say today is really that I love you too,and I have for… I don't know. At first when I saw you I didn't know what I felt that made me nervous and always go dumb when I saw you but now I know that… I love you and nobody will ever change that"
Jenna threw herself into his arms and felt herself crying,but these were tears of joy,and Beetle,for the first time she could remember,was crying too. She had waited her entire life to find her true love and he had been there the entire time.
Beetle felt himself being in tears for the first time since… he was ten. Except these tears where good,and they fell down his cheek and his smiling face as he held in his arms the person he had loved for years and years. It was incredible.
"I don't know what took me so long" Jenna half-whispered
"It doesn't matter" Beetle whispered back "because that's the past and now we can do anything…"
She smiled "so I could kiss you?"
He ran his hand through her hair and said "I wouldn't entirely object to that"
And then they kissed. And it was incredible in a hundred different ways,because the Queen and the Chief Hermetic Scribe had found their happy ending.
