Chapter 1 
Misselthwaite Again.I yearn for you my north countryfor your moors and fells,where lapwings rise intocerulean skies,and the curlews cry.Where the melting snows in Spring,charge the becks to sing,and stirthe mossy banks to green.
It was naturally thought by Lord Craven (and perhaps a bit more by Mrs. Medlock) that the fast growing young Mary Lennox had finally become quite strong enough for a governess.
Mary had tried with all her might to convince Lord Craven that she still had more room to get stronger and that she needed more time to stay in the gardens and the moors but Lord Craven was not to be debated with.
Mary certainly did not want to have to conform to rules of a silly governess,to sit still like a lady,to study about the kings and queens.
"Who might I ask,needed to learn about the kings and queens when you could be the king or queen of your own garden?" She would occasionally think to herself.
On top of that,to have such boring lessons on keeping your posture lady-like or how to be holding a teacup.
Those sort of things didn't matter as much to Mary as the outdoors did.
She wanted to be free in the grass,to run with bare feet across the moors.
She wanted to play and laugh and scream with no one to tell her to do anything otherwise,she yearned to be in her garden all day. Her governess Miss Crawford was just as bad as Mrs. Medlock,if not even worse.
She did not like Mary very much and would constantly scorn her and complain to Lord Craven that Mary was much too headstrong a girl with bold opinions and very little manors or care for femininity and class. (Mrs. Crawford thought she was a very high and mighty woman,and always thought of herself as a high class lady even though she would always beg Lord Craven to give her early pay so she could send it off to her poor mother.)
Mary would sometimes be sitting in the presence of company and burst out into a passion about being so bored and tired of talking about the things in fashion,the outrageous way so-and-so looked with her hair up in a tangle on top her head while riding in her carriage yesterday,or why the poor always got in the way.
Susan Sowerby thought otherwise,Mary had been very helpful and kind to Mrs. Sowerby's family and she loved to help with anything she could.
She would always bring a little lunch to Dickon in the gardens and she would on occasion walk or,if it was Martha's day off they would both venture before dawn to the cottage of 14 people and help to water their small garden,bake bread and babysit the young children while Mrs. Sowerby cooked or did laundry.
She enjoyed talking to Jane,the second oldest Sowerby girl,who was about the same age as her and Mary helped her with some schooling and she taught her how to read and do a bit of arithmetic. She brought berries and vegetables from the Manor's gardens to Thwaite,the town right outside Misselthwaite Manor to help feed the poor.
A large issue that raided Mary's thoughts was why the terrible war was taking all of the young people away and never letting them return. She had been both anxious and afraid to hear anything about the war and what was happening for she knew that if it continued to go on,more and more young men would be entering the war.
Even though she could beg Lord Craven to never let young Colin enter into the war,she knew that she would be helpless in asking Dickon not to sign up. The war had affected much of the country in it's time and in the early months of this year;1915 the war was still going strong,earlier that spring had begun the aerial bombing of Germany over British soil using the newly invented "Zeppelins" poison gases were being used for the first time and many ships were sunk in British waters.
It was unconditionally hard for Mary to never get upset about it,and she felt completely useless. To make herself feel better,she would on occasion volunteer in town at the local rehabilitation center strictly doing laundry or making meals for wounded soldiers since she couldn't stand the sight of blood or wounded human beings.
Without her noticing,the moors had been given the chance to thoroughly travel through her wild blood and make her grow into a beautiful and strong willed young lady.
She had stared up into the radiant Yorkshire skies just long enough for them nurture her spirit and it gave her eyes a wild glittery sparkle.
She ran through the winds whenever they were strong and somehow it gave her hair a soft wispy shine.
She had sniffed the earth and the flowers so that they would give her cheeks life and color.
Miss Mary Lennox was now quite strong and was growing up faster than life.
Colin had grown just as fast as Mary,and had become quite a handsome tall and smart young man and he had indeed kept up with his Scientific Experiments and Lectures. He spent the better half of his time buried deep in all different kinds of books and writing in his journal,finding new things out about anything and everything he could lay eyes on.
He had also become very athletic and was now doing some sort of sport once a day,his legs had grown astonishingly strong and long. His daily sport might perhaps be playing tag in the gardens with Mary,riding his favorite horse,playing football with Dickon,or any other exercise a young growing boy might enjoy doing.
But his favorite of all things was being in his mothers garden and he loved being reminded of her there through the soft scents of roses that wafted through the air in a breeze,or the sound of the birds chirping in the morning. He had a new painting done of his mother on the door of the garden,for everyone to see as soon as they entered.
He mostly spent his garden time patting the dirt around a budding plant or touching the petals of the roses while he was thinking. He loved talking to Ben Weatherstaff,Mary and Dickon about his Experiments there too.
He was always in deep thought about something and the garden and outdoor air had helped him to think deeper about it. Lord Craven was proud of his young growing son,he would always glow and smile at Colin,or pat his head in affection.
He loved to see him so busy at work and he couldn't keep up with the growing mind,so decided on sending him to college early despite the issues with the war,for his intelligence was advancing and he didn't want to miss a chance of Colin becoming a very popular scientist.
Colin at first,had wanted to go war and help fight for his country but Lord Craven told him that he was very much too young to be out fighting and getting into dangerous situations. Colin gave up his efforts to convince her father to let him go and settled on going to Leeds to study which was close to home,he would be leaving in the fall.
Dickon,being older of the two cousins had been first to grow up and being 17,he wasn't much of a child anymore. Being the oldest boy in a cottage of 12 siblings,Dickon knew his responsibility to his family to bring in some money for tomorrows supper.
Shyly and respectfully,he asked Lord Craven for a job in the gardens so he could be among the things he treasured and loved most;his friends and the plants. Lord Craven thought of Dickon as a second son,and he kindly gave him a good job working as under gardener to Ben Weatherstaff and would in future if he wished,take his job when Ben Weatherstaff was to retire.
He had grown very tall and broad for a 17 year old and his rusty curled hair had turned just a bit darker with his maturing years;which now was also becoming a bit tamer and longer. It sat on his head in little waves instead of curls,which gave him a handsomeness that would be as if he were a gentleman from London. He always covered this head of hair with a tweed brown hat.
His Yorkshire was just as broad as it had always been and his smile just as keen and animated as ever. He never had never really talked much,and his personality was more quiet and watchful.
Colin didn't mind it,he could tell him all the lectures in the world and Dickon would only smile and listen very intently. Dickon was one of those unique people that devoured every piece of information that went through his ears and kept it stored very carefully inside his head. (Very unlike Mary who liked to share her opinions on any matter that was spoken about.)
He had taken up to learning a thing or two and borrowed some learning books from the Manor library. His reading abilities were limited and some words he didn't understand,which made him frustrated at times and he turned to Mary for help. Mary was more than happy to help him and would take it into her own hands to arrange for them to study.
She would sit on a swing in her beautiful blue dress and glittery expression and proceeded to swing back and forth to let her dress flow with her movement while she had a book in her hand. Dickon sat on the ledge next to her and listened to her read the words for him and he would reply with the answer to what it meant,sometimes purposely saying the wrong answer just to tease Mary and make her answer it correctly for him.
Once,she had been asking what a certain word meant and she noticed Dickon wasn't paying attention to her,so she snapped her finger at him which made a loud sound and seemed to put him out of a dream. He apologized for it and he gave her a playful look. Mary had gotten embarrassed and colored deeply.
She hid her face in the book she had been reading and her body twitched slightly as she giggled to herself. Dickon had also become embarrassed,reddened and stood up and paced back and forth a few times before he cleared his throat and told Mary he forgot to do something and left.
Mary was smarter than most of the young girls Dickon had known and he admired it. He would think about her and how well and full of life she looked while she swung. How an intense glow came over her face while she read,and how the words left her mouth like a singing bird. Or how she could eat so many biscuits for snacks and still be as thin as ever.
Dickon had work off early one Monday and he walked home to enjoy some time with his brothers and sisters. As he came to the back kitchen door of his family's cottage he heard sweet singing and laughing from within. He peeked through the door and eyed Mary,who was standing at a table with his mother kneading bread. Mrs. Sowerby was teaching her a Yorkshire tune,which as he came up to the door,heard her singing some of the words:
"His cheeks are like roses,his eyes like two sloes,
He's proper and he's handsome wherever he goes,
And besides he's good-natured and comely to view,
He's my bonny Scotch lad with his bonnet so blue."
It was his mothers favorite song for Mr. Sowerby of Scottish ancestry,was in the Military in his youth and it reminded her of their younger days together. Mary had learned it very well and he listened intently with a blush. As he became more visible within the door Mary looked up at him and smiled which made his heart beat quick and his face reddened with heat and color. Mary motioned him to join them and Mrs. Sowerby,turning to put the bread into the oven saw Dickon and ran to hug him.
She looked up at him and asked him how his day was at the Manor. Everything was just as usual. She told him to sit and rest and perhaps read the papers? Here is some tea for you dear and take your shoes off before laying on the couch you horrible boy! She turned back to Mary and told her that she would be saying the same thing when she was married and had so many children.
Mary blushed at the remark and tried not to glance at Dickon who had heard his mother as well and put the newspaper up to his face to hide the reddening of his cheeks and the smile on his face,which turned to a frown when he seen the column on the first page reading "Your Country Needs You!" a shadow came over Dickons face and a knot started to tighten in his stomach.Thank you for reading! I really enjoyed writing this chapter,it really brought me back into the characters and how they might have grown. Any questions,comments,concerns are welcome! I do not own the Secret Garden book,that work belongs to Francis Hodgson Burnett. Also,the poem at the beginning of the story belongs to Alfreda Mackenzie.Also this is my first fanfiction so I hope it's not too amateur!

Chapter 2 
A Horse To Love
"I am bored to death!" thought Mary,as she sat in her chair,tracing the outline of the desk with one of her hands while the other rest under her chin. She was staring out the window in a daze.
"Miss Lennox,please pay attention." Said her governess,who was sitting in front of her with a math book. Mary yawned and looked at her paper.
"Oh all this math makes my head ache! I want some fresh air."
Her governess tapped her pencil on the table with a hint of agitation and looked straight at Mary.
"Listen here now child,if you plan on being difficult you can stop right now,I will not put up with this kind of behavior. I am here to teach you and you shall be taught."
Mary sat up straight and rolled her eyes as she wrote down the math question told to her. She remembered that Lord Craven had asked her most politely if she could try to be kind and patient with her learning even if she didn't care for the governess.
She loved her uncle and thinking of his kind pleading words helped her to concentrate better on her study.
Mary and Colin both took the same class of learning and so the governess took on the responsibility of teaching both children until Colin left for Leeds in the fall. Mary dreaded it,she would miss her cousin and put the thought of him leaving in the back of her mind for the time being.
Soon enough,study time was over and Mary was free to do as she chose. She ran to the kitchen and picked up a basket and filled it with fresh fruit and some bread.
She went out and began to sniff the air. It filled her cheeks up with delight and she blushed. She lifted up her skirt to let her run more freely and headed to the garden and opened the door to enter when she heard a familiar whistle. Her face filled from ear to ear with a smile and glowed with content.
"Dickon,Dickon!" She yelled as she skipped through the garden to where he was trimming some branches.
"Miss Mary! How did studyin' go today?"he asked as he put down his pruning scissors to grab some blueberries from the basket she offered him.
"It was dreadfully boring. I couldn't help but think of what you might be doing out here,or what the animals on the moors might be up to,or how warm the air was today,but I had to keep doing math problems because Miss Crawford thinks I'm behind in my studies. I know them well enough,but I'd rather keep it in my head than have to use it."
Mary had argued with Dickon and Colin about not being contrary anymore,but she still was and even more so in her maturing years but Dickon didn't mind it one bit. In fact,he quite liked it when she was contrary,it put a certain glitter in her eyes that he admired.
They talked a bit more about the day when Colin came into the Garden with his notebook in one hand and chewing on the end of a pencil with his other.
"Mary,Dickon,do you think that we could really travel through time? I was looking through fathers papers and found a very fascinating article from a journal of a scientist named Albert Einstein claiming that by putting energy,mass and space into one equation,we could possibly travel through time,I got so terribly excited about it. Don't you think thats wonderfully intriguing!"
His eyes glittered with wonderment as he walked up to both who were now sitting in the grass. He sat down next to them.
"Oh yes indeed Colin,"Said Mary with a grin,she glanced at Dickon and gave him a smirk. Whatever Colin was talking about,it was something they both completely did not understand and it was their job to listen and let him talk.
Colin looked at Mary.
"Why are you laughing at me?"
"I'm not laughing at you Colin,it's just that I really never understand what your saying most of the time about those scientific equations or those mass energies or whatever they are called,you're too smart for me. You should talk about that stuff to professors in college."
She put her hand on Colin's arm and smiled at him.
"Aye Colin,Mary's right,thy should excited 'bout goin' t' College soon." Said Dickon. "Don't thy want to be goin' to College too,Mary,and get into society a bit?"
"No,not really. I'd rather stay here. I can learn more about everything from your mother or the library than any professor." She replied.
"Aye,mother knows anythin' 'bout anythin'. She's the wisest lass in Yorkshire," said Dickon,a big wide glowing smile came over his face.
Colin,who probably wasn't really listening to the conversation proceeded to write something down in his notebook and told the other two he needed to check something in the a book he forgot on his desk and left them again. They finished the fruit they had in their basket and laid in the grass on their backs and watched the clouds go air was fresh,still and quiet…
A strange sound floated through the air. Dickon jumped to his feet and cupped his hand to his ear to listen. The sound had come from outside of the garden. Far off on the moor most likely,but it wasn't just any sound. It was the sound of something in need of help.
"Do you hear tha'?" he asked quietly.
"I hear it,it sounds like the wind whistling for help. What could it be,Dickon?" She asked,now standing and taking a hold of his arm unknowingly.
"Sounds like an animal in need of some help. We should follow th' sound." He replied. "Follow me."
They both quietly walked out of the garden and past some trees and over a small hill nearby. The sound was only heard a few times and now they heard it again. Much louder this time,and Dickon moved his head to the sound like a dog who hears his name called.
They reached a small break of land in between two adjoining hills that had sunk underneath a fence and there lay a young horse,whining and kicking in pain. It looked exhausted,there was sweat all over its body and it was breathing harder than Sea Biscuit in a race. They both walked up to the horse,taking care not to scare it.
"Oh my! What has happened to the poor horse,Dickon?" Mary asked as she put her hand over her mouth and crept closer to the fence to get a better look.
"Eh,she got all tangled up in th' fence there,it's a barbed fence. Not good for horses,if we canna' get her leg out of the wire soon,she'll loose it and have t' be put down." He said.
"Oh dear!" cried Mary,her face turning sad and dark,she hated seeing anything in pain and the thought of having to put a horse down made her feel sad.
"Mun have fell down th' hill there. Young horses like this don't have much stability on th' hooves. Clumsy little thing. Don't worry,we'll get you out o' here little one" He said in a very gentle tone.
Dickon got a pair of cutters out of his pocket. (He always seemed to have the right tool with him at the right time) The young horse still moved and kicked and it was dangerous to approach her too close to her for she might give a deadly kick. He motioned Mary to stay put while he moved slowly to the horse's head. He crouched down and pet her,talking to her in a low voice.
He looked back at Mary and whispered just loud enough to hear. "Aye,Mary it's a little lass. An' I think it's a wild one. Most likely a pony like Jump. She says she has been stuck for o'er an hour. She'll let us help her out." He pat her face. "Mary,run and get rope for a halter." Mary ran back to the livery stables as quick as she could.
She looked around for some rope and found it in a corner along with some bigger cutters for the wire. She hurried over the hill to where Dickon was. He had gotten most of her free and was waiting for her to return. He took the bigger cutters and tied the rope into a halter and quietly put it in his back pocket then touched her tangled hoof and pulled it gently out so he could cut the wire from it. Mary watched from behind anxiously.
She wanted to save the little horse,but she also did not want Dickon to get hurt.
Dickon started cutting some smaller bits of wire that didn't make much of a sound,the little horse surprisingly laid very quietly while he did this,perhaps Dickon had spoken to her to make sure she knew they were there to help.
As he got to the bigger wires,he was a bit more apprehensive,as they would make large snapping noises that might scare the horse.
He held his breath and there was sweat beading down his forehead and neck,his cheeks turned bright red,he cut the wire.
SNAP
The little horse gave a squeal and kicked out in alarm,and Dickon sprung back quickly.
The little hoof hit his thigh with just enough force to push him down onto the muddy grass.
"Oh,Dickon! Dickon! Are you alright?" cried Mary as she ran down the hill to help Dickon to his feet.
"Aye,just a small kick in my thigh is all. I mun be careful next time. She does not like the noise too much."
He had held her hoof in his hand again and Mary stood back a bit. "Steady now,Mary be careful I'm going t' cut the last wire."
The wire snapped again with less energy from before and the little horse was free. She jumped to her feet and trotted up the hill out of sight of the awful snake looking things,as she had earlier told Dickon they looked like.
Mary and Dickon went up the hill after her,they got to the top and she had already started grazing.
Dickon took the halter from his back pocket and gently rubbed it across her muzzle to let her smell it,she neighed at him.
He put the halter on her very slowly and gently so that she didn't even know it had been done.
"Aye,good lass she is. Now we need to take her to the livery stables an' call up the vet t' see if she needs stitches." He whispered as he took Mary's hand in his free one and led both to the barn.
Mary ran to the house as quick as her feet would let her and ran into the hall where the newly installed phone had just been put. She phoned for a vet to come as soon as possible.
He arrived,late and grumpy,looked at the filly and checked her injured leg,added a bandage and told them to keep her in a stall until the swelling and bruising went away,which could be some weeks.
Mary,who had tied her skirts up and rolled her sleeves to the elbows had taken in some hay for the little horse and given her some water,she then sat near the door of the stall and watched her eat.
"She's beautiful,I should like to keep her if uncle says I can." She said to Dickon,who had been standing outside the stall watching as well.
"Aye,if tha' uncle says so,she would be a good 'un to ride th' moors. She's a good little pony. You could have little Sam break 'er for thee." he said. Sam was new at the Manor and he was hired to run the livery since Thomas had left for the war a year earlier.
"How wonderful! We could go riding together on the moors and gallop for hours and hours,oh it would be wonderful!" her face caught a sparkle and she stood up. "I shall name her Ella,because she is a beautiful little thing. It suits her."
The little horse neighed at them.
"Aye,it does,she says she would very much like to have the name of Ella and she likes you." said Dickon,smiling.
Mary smiled and left the stall. She took Dickon's arm and they walked up to the Manor to tell Colin and Lord Craven the exciting hour they had catching a wild horse.If you have made it to the second chapter,thank you! I really appreciate your time reading this. Again,any questions,comments,or ideas for upcoming chapters please post!

Chapter 3
Meeting The Roytons
The rattling of feet and laughter rang through the gardens outside of Misselthwaite Manor one beautiful late summer morning. Mary was running around the front lawn in a beautiful red dress,her golden hair had started to turn a beautiful caramel brown and it was braided in the back under a straw hat. Her rosy face glimmered in the sun,her cheeks were full of color and her ivory teeth glowed under her pink lips. Her muddy boots squished here and there in the wet grass as she was ran away from Dickon,who had taken up a small ugly looking bug and tried to put it on her arm. His hair had turned out of it's shape and a few loose strands crept into his face. He had on his usual brown trousers and suspenders with his white shirt underneath. It had been a hot day and his sleeves were rolled up to his elbows. Dickon and Mary always liked to tease each other humorously which almost always ended with Mary giving Dickon a good slap on the arm and a mischievous smile.
Mary had earlier called for a servant to bring some snacks for them and out came a small silver tray with a plate of fruit and toast. The servant set it down on a small table near a few white chairs that had been set out in the grass. As she stole a berry from the tray and stuffed it into her mouth,Mary sunk into one of the chairs and lifted an arm to shield her eyes from the sun. "Charlotte,where is Master Colin at? He's missing all the fun."
"Master Colin's in the sitting room Miss Mary,and I meant to tell you before I went in miss,he's callin' for you to come as soon as you can. You'd best go there now to see what he wants,we wouldn't want him to go into hysterics again!" she said. Mary and Dickon looked at each other and shrugged their shoulders,"Colin has probably had came up with some new theory." They both seemed to say to each other. Mary took Dickon's hand and they both ran up to the Manor to see what Colin wanted. Mary ran quickly down the hall,Dickon followed behind her.
Earlier in the sitting room with Lord Craven and Colin was a young woman and her mother;Mrs. Royton and Miss Pippa. They had only recently moved into an estate that Mrs. Royton's father had left after he died which was close to Misselthwaite Manor. Mrs. Royton was a small plain old woman with just as sour an expression as to match her personality. Her daughter,Miss Pippa Royton was beautiful and as full of life as any young lady ought to be. She had on a beautiful white lace dress that was pinned up at her chin with a golden brooch.
Her long auburn hair had been tied up in a fashionable bun. She inherited a great deal of charm from her father,who had an abundant amount of love for everything living. The late Mr. Royton had been a naturalist who was studying the Latrodectus Spider and had unfortunately,gotten bit by the vile little creature which had ended his life. Having told Lord Craven and Colin about their entire life story in the matter of an hour,Mrs. Royton ran out of breath and exclaimed that she needed fresh air and might she get up and walk around or perhaps she could stand by the window? It would be better than a walk outside actually.
She just needed a small breath of fresh air. She stood up and took a small fan out of her purse and fanned herself. As she walked to the window she caught sight of two young people chasing each other in the gardens close by. She took her eyeglasses that had been on a small chain around her neck and hung them over her little hazel eyes and squinted.
"Mr. Craven,if I might venture to ask,who is that young girl out there in the red dress?" She asked,taking her fan and pointing it out the window.
"That is Mary Lennox Ma'am,my niece. She has lived with us since her parents died when she was ten years old. She brought all life back to this house and she is like a daughter to me now." Replied Lord Craven with a large smile beaming over his face.
"Oh how wonderful of you to take her in Mr. Craven,I'm sure she has made a great home here,you must ask her to join us! I'm sure I'd like to meet her." Said Pippa,gleaming with excitement,she had just then eyed her mother and knew there was some sort of trouble brewing in that old grey head.
Lord Craven turned to Colin and whispered. "Go tell Mary to come in,and make sure she changes her shoes." He knew Mary would be wearing big muddy boots outside instead of her slippers. Colin left the room,calling for Mary. Mrs. Royton still stood at the window watching the two in the garden. She got a bad notion in her head (As she got quite frequently while in company) to say something very rude about Mary,and her eyes glistened with impish delight.
"Why,Lord Craven that young girl out there,your niece you say,is running around in the filthy grass like a wild creature,and pulling up her skirts in such a ghastly,unwomanly fashion. She acts like she is still a child. My dear sir,I don't mean to offend -she had definitely meant to offend- but that girl looks like a young woman! Why,it is absolutely abominable. She should be sent away to boarding school!" Mrs. Royton had turned to look at Lord Craven and was now tapping the fan on the palm of her hand,and her eyeglasses had settled on the tip of her nose.
Lord Craven cleared his throat and replied to her "Mrs. Royton,Mary has had a governess for some time who is at the moment away to tend her sick mother. But I can assure you that Mary is very well mannered and she tends her studies well. Mary enjoys it dearly here at the Manor,she has not mentioned a want to study any further and I will not force her into anything she doesn't want to do." His face started to color.
Miss Royton,who had been trying to signal her mother to keep quiet had got up and walked swiftly to the window. She took her mothers arm and gently led her back to the sofa. She looked at her with an embarrassed face and spoke softly. "Mama,I am sure Lord Craven knows exactly what to do with his niece,he has taken care of her thus far without any issues. And besides,it is none of our affair,let us talk of other things."
"Nonsense Pippa! We are now neighbors,we can very well have an opinion. I do say,to be running about getting dresses muddy and with a gardener boy too. Why,it would be a scandal. I declare though Pippa now that I put my mind on it,he rather looked more like a man than a boy. Oh! such a scandal it would be!" she said,tightly squeezing her eyes closed and pursed her lips. She began fanning herself quickly as to not faint away from such dreadful thoughts.
The door to the library opened and in flew Mary,calling for Colin and trying to catch her breath. "Oh Colin! Where's Colin?" She barely finished her sentence before she realized that there was company present. Everyone was startled by her entry. She had colored intensely and she shrank back from embarrassment. "What on earth is going on?" Mrs. Royton said,nearly shouting. Mary turned to Mrs. Royton and Pippa and gave a small but faultless curtsy. "Forgive me madam,ma'am,I didn't know Master Colin had company over," Mary's sudden politeness,and the fact that she had taken it upon her own self to change from her muddy boots took Mrs. Royton off guard and she gave her a look of astonishment. Lord Craven rose and took Mary to the door to speak to her. "Mary,what have you been doing outside my dear?"
"I've been with Dickon. I'm sorry Uncle,I think I've embarrassed you." She said with a melancholic expression on her face,she felt embarrassed herself about the whole thing. Lord Craven gave her a smile. "Well,no worries my dear. Come and have some tea with us and meet your new neighbors. Miss. Royton and her mother are very eager to meet you." Dickon showed up at the door just then,and took his hat off and greeted them with a smile and a nod. He looked over at Mary and smiled brighter. He began to walk back into the hall when Mary excused herself from Lord Craven and followed him,she put her hand on his arm.
"Dickon! I'm sorry I didn't know there was company here I thought Colin was calling for us to listen to one of his lectures again,and he is not here anyway." She turned and searched the room for Colin. She sighed and looked up at his face. She was ashamed of not being able to invite him into the room with her. She let go of his arm and let him leave.
Colin had taken another way to the gardens and missed them,on his return back he found Mary sitting next to Mrs. Royton,who had taken it into her own hands to lecture her on the etiquettes and duties of a respectable young woman. She turned her head to Colin,gave him a smile and rolled her eyes.
As the Royton's got ready to leave,Lord Craven rose,pulled the bell and said,"It was very nice to meet you,Mrs. Royton,and you,Miss Pippa,perhaps we can meet again soon." Miss Pippa smiled at Lord Craven and bobbed her head in agreement.
The butler entered the room and showed the women out,leaving Mary,Colin and Lord Craven alone. After the door had closed,Colin and Mary sighed with relief.
"What a vulgar old woman." Said Lord Craven shaking his head. He went to his desk chair to look over the papers before supper.
"She is worse than Mrs. Medlock. You should ask her if she wants to become head Mistress,she sure is sour enough for it." Said Mary.
"At least Miss. Royton wasn't so bad,and she was kind of pretty too." Colin said,eying his father while he took up the paper to finish reading the sports section that was interrupted when the women had arrived. Lord Craven didn't reply to his son but he heard what he had said. Mary excused herself with a headache and walked down the halls to her room. She went in and closed the door,threw her shoes off into the corner and let her hair out of the braid that was torturing her head. She walked to the window with a sigh and sat on the windowsill.
There was a small breeze and it blew Mary's hair back behind her ears. She closed her eyes and breathed in the warm summer air. She had always found tranquility in nature. It was a relief to be in silence even if just for a moment,for it was a moment when Martha opened the door,smiled at Mary and greeted her cheerily. She took up a duster and her bucket that she had left in Mary's room and asked about her day. Mary still sat at the window with her face in the breeze.
"It was fine until that Mrs. whatever her name is came and gave me a whole talk about being a respectable woman. I know I am getting older now but I don't care for those sort of things. I do try to have manners but I don't like being told what to do by a old sour woman that uses her fan too much. What does your mother think about me,Martha? Do you think she approves of me being like I am?" she had her hands under her chin looking very intently at Martha for an answer. Mary respected Mrs. Sowerby and she always endeavored to be liked by her.
"Well now Miss Mary,Mother thinks very highly of you. She always says nice things about you and she always asks how you get on here. She is always tellin' th' younger girls that they should be more like "Miss Mary" Mary giggled. Martha went on " And besides that,Mother says that all a girl needs to do to become a respectable woman is to know how to hold a babe righ',how to wash th' clothes,how to make a hot nice meal and how to read. Tha's all that really counts,Mary. Mother told me just th' other day how she wishes you and Dickon might get your heads straightened out and get mar- Oh dear! I think I might have said too much." She covered her mouth and her eyes sparkled at Mary.
Mary had guessed what that last word was and she colored and turned back at the window quickly as to not let Martha see the smile forming on her face. She knew that things had changed between them in this past year,Martha's lips were moving,saying something when Mary realized she had been thinking about things so intently that she hardly heard what Martha had been saying to her.
Dickon's mind was full of everything that had happened that day. He left to check on the filly that evening and finish his work before he headed home. He felt a little disheartened about Mary. She was always going to be different from the other people,she had never liked being pressured into pretending to be something she was not,especially not one of those kind of people that gossip about other girls and look down on people like Dickon. It hurt him to see her struggling with the demands that society asked of her and all she wanted to be was herself.
Mary always talked of being on the moors,helping the animals,tending to the gardens with her own hands,she was a different breed from Colin and sometimes only Dickon could see that. As he walked to the Manor to join Martha on a walk back home he caught sight of Mary in her room. She had her head out of the window and was breathing in the fresh air before she put her head back inside and closed the window. Her hair was twirling here and there,and her face was shining brilliantly. Dickon smiled as a picture entered his mind of her being in an open field galloping on a horse wild and free with the same expression.
Martha and Mary showed up at the door a few minutes later chatting and laughing,they seen Dickon waiting on the last step of the house stairs. "Me an' Miss Mary were just talkin' 'bout you Dickon!" she said innocently while she dusted her dress with her hands and threw her hand-laced shawl over her shoulders. Mary and Dickon both looked opposite ways of each other in an embarrassment. Martha seemed unaware of what her words did and skipped down the steps to take Dickon's arm. Nothing ever really seemed to bother Martha or make her feel down and Mary loved her animated character.
"We will be seein' thee tomorrow then,aye Miss Mary." Martha said while she waved and gave a glittering smile.
"Goodnight,Martha. Goodnight,Dickon." Mary said in a quiet soft tone,there was always a perfect melody in her voice that was admirable. The siblings left sight into the darkness while Mary watched from the steps.Thank you for reviewing my story so far,I really appreciate it! I'm terribly sorry this chapter took so long to do,I had been out of town for over 3 weeks and had not time,but I will try to keep up with it,just stick with me.:) Again,any comments or suggestions are totally welcome!
