The courtship of Marianne Dashwood and Colonel Christopher Brandon continued for several months after Elinor Dashwood had married Edward Ferras. Even though there were clear feelings there that were obvious to themselves and everyone around them,an engagement was still not announced. Brandon knew that Marianne had been through the ringers over the last year and that a slow and genteel development of their relationship is what was needed for them. It was clear to everyone that Marianne loved the colonel dearly and that the feelings were reciprocated.
Brandon would visit the Dashwood women every day sometimes twice a day if his business for the day was finished early. She sang for him often,he didn't need to request. As he approached the house he would see Captain Margaret and her mother in the front garden sewing or playing;and hear Marianne playing in the sitting room on the pianoforte he had gifted her with. It was such a compliment to know that she appreciated the gift so much. He would look towards Mrs. Dashwood eyes asking for permission to enter the house and she would smile,consenting.
Mrs. Dashwood liked to watch her daughter be so happy. She had remembered her romance with Willoughby and how happy she was;but when in the company of the colonel she just seemed to be herself and be able to feel as relaxed as if she were asleep. When visiting Sir John and his family,she would be sitting in front of the fire with her sister while the adults were talking about the possibility of visiting London again. Suddenly the footman announced Colonel Brandon. This was greatly unexpected because he was supposed to be visiting Eliza and her son for at least another 3 days. He had been reluctant to go as his courtship with Marianne was blooming. But Marianne insisted that he go as Eliza must be missing him and that being apart would give them something to talk about when he returned. He had been gone less than a week before he returned again.
When he entered the room he completely ignored Sir John and to everyone's surprise,Marianne and Brandon practically ran to each other and held onto each other in the tightest of embraces. Brandon knew at that moment...he couldn't be without Marianne. It was almost like she was the part of him that kept him sane at the most terrible times but loved him also.

Hello Everyone,
I found out this week that one of my oldest friends has been killed. I will not give the details but what I can tell you is that I am struggling to focus. I am taking a break from the website and whilst I did have chapters prepared;I will be leaving those on hold for the moment. Please understand that I do care about my writing but I cannot provide quality chapters right now and I know I am not the best author and I have been picky in the past but I hope you all understand why I'm taking a break for now.
Much love and thanks always
SG
x
