At the warren of Watership Down,Pipkin was getting ready to sleep but he chose to take a prayer first. There was a rabbit he grew to love as a father and wanted to thank Frith."O'Frith. Thank you for helping me find everyone. When my parents perished saving me from the weasel,I thought I was alone forever,but then,you delivered me to these wonderful rabbits. Hawkbit,a comedic crouch,Dandelion,who does nothing but laugh,Blackberry,the most beautiful doe ever born,Hazel,a courageous leader,Fiver,my best friend ever more,and then there's Bigwig. The bravest rabbit in the world. I've grown to love him and I long for the day I'm brave enough to call him Papa. I wish he was my Papa so I won't be lonely without my parents. He's a bit of a sourpuss at times,but he's brave,he's caring and is so very funny. There was one time I was train fighting with him and I kicked him into a pond and he rose back up with a frog in his mouth. He's mainly funny when he's grumpy,but other than that,I love him like my own papa. I please pray for a day that I hug him so I can feel his warm protection and that I can rest my face in his soft mane. Please also help me find the courage to say 'I love you,Papa Bigwig',because I don't know how he'd react for I don't believe no one has ever said that to him before. Amen."Unknown to him,Bigwig had been eavesdropping on the whole prayer. His heart felt moved from what he had heard.Pipkin suddenly appeared and spotted him."You didn't hear anything did you?"Bigwig gulped. "I - I did. That was a fine prayer lad'"Pipkin hugged him so sudden he winded him. Bigwig down at the little rabbit hugging his body and pressing his face into his belly."You're always there for me,Bigwig. You protect me so much and I see you like my Papa."Thunder clapped which made Pipkin gasp in fright."Can I sleep with you tonight,Bigwig?" Pipkin asked. "I don't like thunder.""Well I suppose one won't hurt," said Bigwig softly.Pipkin and Bigwig went into the burrow where they played around a little,Bigwig holding Pipkin in the air with his paws and legs. Soon he tired and Pipkin sat on his chest and said,"I want to be just like you when I grow up,Bigwig," said Pipkin happily. "I want to be strong like you,have a mane like you and I want to be as angry and grumpy as you.""Don't push it," smiled Bigwig as he picked Pipkin up and tickled him all over.Soon they were both tired and started to sleep. Pipkin however felt one thing left out. He saw that Bigwig was sleeping on his back. Pipkin climbed gently on top of him and and rested his front on Bigwig's belly which rose him up and down each time Bigwig breathed which the little buck enjoyed,but Pipkin nestled his head onto his soft,warm mane.Bigwig opened his eyes to see that the sweet little rabbit had made a bed out of him. He looked a little embarrassed and considered slowly drifting him off but he remembered the prayer and the bad weather which got him to invite Pipkin to spend the night in the first place."I love you,Papa Bigwig," murmured Pipkin smiling so sweet and heartwarmingly in his sleep."I...I...love you too,...son," said Bigwig shyly.He put his arms over Pipkin so he would be warm which he did.Pipkin felt warm and protected and wanted to hold on to his friend whom he wanted to be his father.
