DISCLAIMER:I don't own anything except the OCs!
Name:Femke Rekampmolk-Freakshow
Age:24
Appearance:she always wears a green dress. She has dark brown hair with a black and grey headband in it. She has tan skin,green eyes,and always walks barefoot.
Likes:Campion,her family,the Watership Down rabbits and the rabbits from Redstone.
Dislikes:Woundwort and anyone else who wants to harm her friends,family and Campion.
Name:Daniel Freakshow
Age:26
Appearance:long white hair that flows on his back,which he always wears in a ponytail. He has a golden earring in one ear. His clothing is mostly black with grey spots on the arms and legs. His skin is slightly tan. His eyes are light brown. He also walks barefoot most of the time.
Likes:his wife Femke,his daughter Christie,Campion,the Watership Down rabbits and the rabbits from Redstone.
Dislikes:Woundwort,getting up early,people that have to match sugar and anyone who wants to harm his family and their friend Campion.
Christie Rekampmolk-Freakshow
Age:4Appearance:slightly tan skin,with long flowing blonde hair (like her mothers had when she was younger) in a bun,and piercing hazel eyes. She wears a pink dress with butterflies,that reaches just above her toes. She walks barefoot just like her parents.
Likes:anything pink,her new friend Campion,her parents,her uncle and aunt and her teddy bear.
Dislikes:sprouts,sauerkraut,Woundwort,Vervain and the colour black (it gives her the shivers).
The rest of the characters are from the Watership Down TV series. They will act like in the series,except Campion. Somewhere in the story,he will get attached to his human friends,but more about that in the story itself.
If you want to help me by beta reading the story for me,I'm more then willing to get help. People who are interested can send me a private message. I hope to post the first chapter as soon as possible.
KEEP READING FOLKS!

Chapter 1:The Hawk Attack
Humans' POV
"Come on Christie! We don't want to get there late and have to face that snake the farmer warned us about!" a young woman with long brown hair called out to her daughter. The latter looked a lot like her mother,only with tan blonde hair that ruffled over her cute pink dress,as she happily waddled after her mother.
"Slow down,mommy,you're too fast for me!" the four-year-old called after her mother. She tried to waddle as fast as she could,but she couldn't keep up with her mother. The brunette sighted as she turned back and picked up her young daughter.
"And there I thought you were such a big…" she started,but stopped as she heard a hawk screech in the air. Both mother and daughter looked up and saw the hawk flying very close to the ground. It then flew upwards,carrying something brown in its claws.
"Mommy,mommy look,da big birdy got a rabby..." Christie squealed as she pointed to the hawk. The older woman could see that it indeed had a rabbit in its claws,and that it was still alive and struggling to escape. Soon afterwards,she saw the hawk let go of the rabbit,and both mother and daughter saw it fall in a tree,before it disappeared from sight.
"Come on Christie! Maybe the poor thing is still alive!" the woman said,as she looked at her daughter who was sitting on her arm. She ran as fast as her legs could carry her,towards the place where the rabbit had fallen.
Watership Down rabbits' POV
"He's still alive," Hazel said,as he came close enough to the unconscious Campion to see that he was still breathing.
"Campion is in a class of his own," Bigwig said,as he looked at the brown wounded rabbit that was lying unconscious at his feet,gasping for air.
"He won't last long here out in the..." Hazel started,but stopped when he heard the sound of footsteps,human footsteps,closing in fast.
"Man! Scatter!" he called. He tried to pull Campion along himself,but it was no use,he was too heavy. Hazel went to hide with the others,praying to Frith the humans wouldn't see Campion lying there. But he was proven terribly wrong,as he saw two humans,both of them looking female,run straight to were Campion was lying.
"Oh...poor bunny..." the biggest of the two said,as it walked towards Campion and gently touched his side.
"Mommy,mommy,is it...dead?" the shorter one asked her mother with a high-pitched voice,looking at her with sad eyes. The mother smiled as she gently shook her head,making the fur around her face move up and down as she did so.
"Not yet,but he will be if that mean birdy comes back. It would be best if we took him to the vet for a checkup," she said.
With that,she picked him up,and Hazel saw her put something blue around Campion,and both humans left with him.
As soon as they were out of ears reach,Hazel called:
"They got Campion! We have to get after them!"
He jumped out of the bushes,but was stopped by Bigwig and Hawkbit who leaped in front of him.
"Why would we risk our lives for him,Hazel? He is the enemy. Let that human take him,and hopefully we will never see him again," the grey-furred rabbit huffed,as he looked at the two humans take away one of their sworn enemies.
"Hawkbit,he might be the enemy,but he also is a fellow rabbit who needs our help," Hazel said wisely as he tried to move past him. But both rabbits didn't let him pass,still not wanting their friend to help the enemy,knowing that would be far too risky.
"Hazel,those are HUMANS!" Bigwig said sternly. "They are not only the sworn enemies of rabbits,but also untrustworthy and cunning. We have to get back to Watership Down. Right. NOW!" The other rabbits all looked like they agreed with him.
"Very well then. You all go back,and I go after the human alone. Take care of Watership Down until I come back. IF I come back... " Hazel said,before he ran the other way as fast as he could to follow the humans' trail,leaving the others looking at him,shocked at what he had done. They ran after him,not intending to let him face danger alone.
"Be reasonable Hazel,you can't expect us to follow the trail of a HUMAN. Especially not to save someone who is bound to kill us afterwards," Bigwig said,as he looked at his best friend sternly.
Hazel looked back at him,raising one paw,ready to strike if needed,when suddenly,a drop fell on his nose. It was followed soon afterwards by more drops,soon turning in a heavy rainstorm.
"Great,that's all we needed now. Rain…" Hawkbit murmured as he looked up at the sky,where the rain came from. It was already raining harder and harder,and judging by the black clouds above them,it wasn't going to stop anytime soon.
"Hazel,it will be impossible to follow her trail now. Let's go home. Campion can fend for himself,hopefully," Fiver said. He worriedly looked back at where the humans had disappeared,knowing all too well the state Campion was in at the moment. But he had seen what Campion was capable of if he needed to defend himself,so he was sure the captain of owsla would be fine.
"You're probably right,Fiver. Lets go home before this storm grows worse," Hazel admitted.
With that,they all turned around and hopped off towards Watership Down,where they belonged. However,they did not know that what they had just witnessed was going to end in a friendship that absolutely no one had ever thought would be possible.
And with that,I end the first "real" chapter of my story. I really hope you all enjoyed it,I sure enjoyed writing it.
Dandelion:And I sure enjoyed reading it. It was very well written.
Hawkbit:A lot of spelling and grammar errors if you ask me.
Fiver:Impossible! Chipster-roo got most spelling and grammar errors out of the story.
Blackberry:Ooh,he did a great job if you ask me.
Hawkbit:Yeah sure...
Hazel:He sure did. Now all we need is some reviews.
Dandelion:She can get a nice review from me.
Bigwig:I say,well done you two.
Pipkin:Will there be a update soon?
Kehaar:Kehaar sure does hope so...
Hannah:Only one way to find that one out guys!
REVIEW!

Chapter 2:The Human Doctor
Campion's POV
When I woke up,everything around me was white. At first I thought I was in the lair of the Black Rabbit of Inlé. But suddenly,I felt a sharp pain in my sides,and saw an odd picture of a smiling dog,holding up a sharp red stick.
"What the…Where…What happened?" I thought as I looked around. I saw that something blue was wrapped around my middle,and something or someone was holding me down. From the corner of my eye I saw a shabby cat sitting in a cage. It was looking around with wide pupils,surely scared.
"Hey,you,cat! Where am I? What is this place?" I asked,whispering,as I looked at the cat with wide eyes. I felt this might be a bad place.
"This is a doctor's practice. The doctor comes to look at you when you're ill or injured,and help you become better," the cat replied,as it looked at its owner through the holes in the top of the thing it was in.
"My owner says I needed a checkup because I have pain in my tummy all the time and keep throwing up hair balls. She says the doctor might know why that happens. I think it's just the way nature works," the cat purred,as it rubbed its back over the side of the small room it was in. At that moment,a man in a strange white cloak came out and called a name,before the human next to me stood up and took the shabby cat with her.
"We'll be next. I sure hope the poor bunny is still alive," a female voice from above me said. I felt a hand stroke my head,which caused me to put my ears flat backwards in my neck and shake a little. I had never been touched by a human before,and it gave me the shivers. Deep inside,I was wondering why these humans were helping me:the cat HAD said that the "doctor" was going to make me better.
"He is! He is! Looky,looky! His eyes have opened and he is trembling…I think the bunny is scawed…" a little voice replied,as I felt another soft hand pet the fur on my head. It was soon followed by the other hand,which most likely came from the other female above me.
"I think he might be afraid of the doctor,since this is his first time here," the other human replied as she stroked me carefully as well. I tried to look up at whoever was stroking me and was (obviously) calling me a coward. I'm not a coward,I was just shivering because I had the chills of these humans holding me,that's all. I'm not a scaredy-cat like Vervain. He would be COMPLETELY freaked out if he were in my place right now. Good old Vervain! What I would give to see him in this place right now! But of course he ran off as fast as he could when he saw that hawk coming,leaving me to do the dirty work.
"I hope everyone else is doing fine back at Efrafa. Vervain could choke in a patch of grass for all I care,that mean,nasty,filthy old…" I thought,growling a little. My thoughts were interrupted when the man in the cloak reappeared. The other human,a female with a bright smile on her face,exited the room with the shabby cat in the little room again. The cat waved at me as it passed by.
"Miss Rekampmolk…Your turn," the man said,and with that the human that carried me got up and put the blue thing around my body a little tighter so I would stay warm. She also used a small part of the thing to blind me,which caused me to start squirming,because now I couldn't see where we were going. Why wasn't I allowed to see,anyway? Where was she taking me?
"It's okay little one. Don't be afraid. We only want to help you. Just stay calm,I'm blinding you for your own good. Light can be rather blinding here," the female human said as I kept squirming. Even if this was for my own good,I didn't want her help,I didn't want her to get me to this "doctor" to be healed. I didn't want to be treated like someone's pet,I wanted to return to Efrafa,to my chief,to everyone I used to know…
"Rather struggly thing you got there. What seems to be his problem?" a new voice,probably an older male human,said. I felt slightly rougher hands take me over and gently place me on something hard and cold. That caused to me wince,since my warm body wasn't used to this cold,even with the blue thing still covering most of my body.
"He is a wild rabbit. We found him near the place we go to get some food. He was attacked by a hawk,so we wrapped him in a towel to keep him warm and immediately took him here," one of the two females said. I felt a soft hand rub my head,which was now covered in the blue thing,which the woman had called a "towel". This place had a strange smell hanging around it. It was most likely from another animal that had been in here. I wondered what happened to that one. Was it dead? Or was I going to meet it someday?
"Well,it has been lucky then I guess. The hawk would probably have gotten him if you two girls hadn't shown up," the elderly man replied,as a pair of hands removed the towel from my body,allowing me to look around. I saw that I was in a big room,completely white,and all kinds of strange tools were standing and hanging around everywhere in the room. I looked down and saw that I was at a high platform. The elderly human male in a strange white coat was standing on one side of the platform,with the two female humans standing on the other side. One of the females had long brown fur hanging around her face,with a weird grey and black thing in it,and piercing green eyes. The other female was small,with blond fur and a strange pink thing in her fur that looked similar to the one of her mother,and curious twinkling hazel coloured eyes.
"Curious little thing,it is. You like my place? Or too white for your liking?" the elderly male asked,smiling,as I had carefully managed to get on my feet and sniff around. The air was clear,no smell of danger. There was an odd scent of disease hanging in the room,but it was old.
"We almost forgot to ask:what's your name?" the oldest female asked,as she looked at me sternly. I looked back at her for a moment,stunned by the simple way she had asked me that. It sounded like it was the most normal thing in the world to ask a rabbit a question,and she could really understand me if I were to say my name. It is well-known by ALL rabbits that humans' can't understand animal languages.
"My name is Campion. Captain Campion," I said,as I looked at her sternly,before I started to look around again. Then,a female in white came in as well and sat down behind a weird screen. She started to smack the little things in front of it,making strange signs appear on the screen. I had no idea what the signs meant,nor why she was slamming that poor thing. What had it ever done to her to deserve this?
"Glad to meet you Campion. My name is Femke,and this here is my daughter Christie," the oldest female suddenly replied,and I jumped in shock at this. Not only had this strange human just replied,but she had also introduced herself,like we were equals;most humans consider themselves far superior to us. That was not what I found the most shocking,but the fact that she seemed to be able to understand what I said.
"Glad to meet you as well,I guess. What is this place? Why am I here? And how come you can understand me?" I asked,as I looked around at all the strange tools yet again. I then let my eyes rest on the two females,Femke and her daughter Christie. Two strange females if you ask;I didn't know how far I would be able to trust them yet.
"You're at a doctor's practice. You were badly injured by that hawk,so we took you here to get your wounds cleaned,and something around them to prevent infections. I can speak the language of almost any animal,since I grew up learning from them." The female called Femke smiled,as I felt something being carefully wrapped around my waist and also for a little bit around my paw and back legs. When it was done,I could barely move.
"That's all,a few weeks rest and he will be as good as new," the elderly male said with a smile,as he gently patted my head before placing a carrot in front of my nose.
"Here you go,for being such a good boy. Not many rabbits are so well-behaved during their first time at the doctor." The man smiled as he gave the two females a wink,which caused the little one to giggle happily.
"Bunny won't be so happy if he knew he's gonna gwet to the doctow again. Wight mommy?" giggled the smaller one,called Christie,as she looked up at her mother smiling brightly.
"Who knows,Christie? We'll see when it's needed,which is bound to happen before we set him out into the wild again," the Femke human said with a small smile,as she picked me up again,and started to head for the door.
"And how long is that going to take? I can't stay away from home for too long," I asked,as I looked at the Femke human sternly. She looked at me,shocked,before she gave a short cute laugh.
"Two or three weeks. Your wounds are quite severe,you should take it easy for a while. Try and relax for a bit," she said with a smile,before shaking hands with the human male doctor. She then headed towards a big thing made off glass,which rolled open automatically when we reached it.
"Bye bye eye!" the Christie human said,smiling,as she waved at the red flashy thing above the strange seeing through thing. It reminded me a little of my Chief's eye when he was angry.
"Well,at least I don't have to endure his beatings when we fail to find Hazel and his outsiders for a while," I thought,as I let the humans carry me to wherever their burrow was. The smallest human was talking about many things at once,like most younglings do.
"I wonder how the mother can live with all that noise around her all day. The mouth off that youngling doesn't seem to be able to stand still for a minute," I thought,as I closed my eyes and tried to relax a little. However,I instantly changed my mind about that:it would look like I was enjoying my time with them. I wasn't,and I couldn't have them think I was,not even a little. If they did,they might think I wanted to stay,and that wasn't the case at all. I wanted to return to Efrafa as soon as possible.
Femke's POV
"We'll be next. I sure hope the poor bunny is still alive," I told my young daughter Christie. I saw the last patient before us,a girl whose shabby cat was throwing up more hair balls that he should (I could probably understand why if I knew what kind of diet this fat cat was on),walked into the doctor's office to get checked up. Meanwhile I kept stroking the bunny's head and back,where he wasn't hurt,to keep him calm. I noted he was trembling as he was sitting in my lap with his ears flat in his neck,meaning he was most likely terrified. Poor thing…
"He is! He is! Looky,looky! His eyes have opened and he is trembling…I think the bunny is scawed…" my 4-year-old daughter Christie replied,as she petted the bunny on his head as well. I smiled as I saw that the bunny was indeed waking up,looking around with a dazed look.
"Thank the heavens above! I wouldn't have known what to do if he had died," I thought,as Christie kept petting him on his head,obviously liking our little guest already. This wasn't odd at all,considering how much time I used to spend with animals before I married Daniel;it was only natural she liked to be around animals as well.
"I think he might be afraid of the doctor,since this is his first time going here," I told my daughter with a small smile. I knew this was most likely the case:since he was a wild rabbit,he didn't have someone that looked after him,nor someone to take him to the vet if he was ill. When I told Christie this,I noted the rabbit tried to look back at me,his eyes flickering with hate.
"Maybe he isn't so scared after all. And he obviously doesn't like to be called a coward,that's for sure," I thought,as I gave him a sheepish smile to apologize for the comment I had just made. I wondered if he would understand that was what I meant,since it was a well-known fact that normally,humans and other animals can't communicate with each other very well.
"Miss Rekampmolk…Your turn," The doctor's voice snapped me out of my thoughts. I carefully got up and wrapped the towel a little tighter around our wounded friend,also using a little piece of it to cover his eyes to prevent him from panicking if he saw the blinding white room. However,it had quite the opposite effect:he started to struggle fiercely because he was being blinded,making me struggle to keep him in my arms.
"It's okay little one. Don't be afraid. We only want to help you. Just stay calm,I'm blinding you for your own good. Light can be rather blinding here," I calmly said,as I walked into the doctor's room,which was blinding white,with strange tools the doctor uses to examine his patients and,if necessary,to operate them. But the rabbit didn't pay any attention to a word I said and kept struggling.
"Rather struggly thing you got there…What seems to be his problem?" the doctor,asked me as I carefully placed the rabbit down on the examination table. It was probably cold,as he seemed to be shaking a little.
"He is a wild rabbit. We found him near the place we go to get some food. He was attacked by a hawk,so we wrapped him in a towel to keep him warm and immediately took him here," I told the doctor,as I rubbed the rabbit's head,which was still covered in the towel to protect his eyes from the blinding white light.
"Well,it has been lucky then I guess. The hawk would probably have gotten him if you two girls hadn't shown up," the doctor said with a smile,as he took the towel from the rabbit's eyes. He immediately opened his eyes,and started to look around with wide eyes at the strange (for him) room.
"Curious little thing,it is. You like my place? Or too white for your liking?" the man asked the rabbit with a kind smile,although he didn't understand the language of the rabbits like I did. I practically LIVED within the animal world when I was a kid;not in a Tarzan kind of way,raised by animals and taught how to be human later on. I lived within a special village in the woods that gave people that were once criminals a second chance in life. They lived within the woods,from what Mother Nature gave them,as it once was. They also learned to talk with the animals,so that's how I learned.
"We almost forgot to ask:what's your name?" I therefore asked my new friend with a small smile. The rabbit looked at me with a strange look in his eyes,since it must be well-known among animals that we normally can't communicate with one another. However,he carefully but sternly spoke up:
"My name is Campion,Captain Campion." was his reply. The nurse came in and sat down to type some things on the computer,while the rabbit stared at her with an odd look:he had most likely never seen a computer before,and was wondering why she was slamming that thing.
"It must be fascinating for him to see the human world like this," I thought as I looked at him,while he was still looking at his surroundings.
"Glad to meet you Campion. My name is Femke,and this here is my daughter Christie," I suddenly replied,and this made Campion jump in shock. It was most likely because I had BOTH introduced myself and confirmed that I was able to understand him,something he surely wasn't used to.
"Glad to meet you as well,I guess. What is this place? Why am I here? And how come you can understand me?" Campion asked,as he looked around the room yet again. He then let his eyes rest on us,obviously taking in what we looked like.
"Yep,he sure will learn a lot while he's with us," I thought,as I looked at the doctor,then at Christie and then back at Campion with a small smile.
"You're at a doctor's practice. You were badly injured by that hawk,so we took you here to get your wounds cleaned and something around them to prevent infections. I can speak the language of almost any animal,since I grew up learning from them," I said,smiling,as I watched the doctor carefully wrap some bandages around Campion's waist and paws to keep the wounds clean. They would probably make it hard for him to walk as well.
"That's all,a few weeks rest and he will be as good as new," the doctor said with a smile,as he gently patted Campion's head before placing a carrot in front of his nose.
"Here you go,for being such a good boy. Not many rabbits are so well-behaved during their first time at the doctor," the man said as he gave my daughter and me a wink,causing little Christie to giggle happily.
"Bunny won't be so happy if he knew he's gonna gwet to the doctow again. Wight mommy?" Christie giggled in reply to the wink,as she looked up at me with a big grin. I looked down at her,smiling.
"Who knows,Christie? We'll see when it's needed,which is bound to happen before we set him out into the wild again," I replied with a small smile,as I gently picked up Campion again,and started to head for the door.
"And how long is that going to take? I can't stay away from home for too long," Campion asked as he looked at me sternly. It seemed he wanted to leave us as soon as possible.
"Two or three weeks. Your wounds are quite severe,you should take it easy for a while. Try and relax for a bit," I replied with a smile. I then shook hands with the doctor,before heading towards the big double door with Christie. There was an electric eye above the door to allow it to open automatically,but my daughter didn't understand this yet,she just thought it was a funny thingy that flashed if she waved at it.
"Bye bye eye!" she therefore said,waving happily at the eye before the double door slid open and we passed through it. I saw Campion look at it curiously,but he didn't ask me about it,nor about anything else he had seen until now.
"He might still be a little shy around us. We better give him some time to get used to everything," I thought. As usual,Christie was talking about 101 things at once,and I just replied with a small smile. I saw Campion roll his eyes in a annoyed way as we walked down the street to our house.
The look in his eyes clearly meant that he found her very annoying. I smiled at him apologetically,then repeated what he had done with his eyes. Hopefully he would understand that this is just the way Christie is,and there is nothing I can do about it.
As we approached our house,neither me nor Christie knew then that taking in this wounded rabbit was to be the very first step into a big adventure…
AUTHOR'S NOTE: And with that I end the second chapter of my story. I'm sorry it took me a while,but I had to give this chapter a lot of thought,since I really had to think about what rabbits know and don't know about the human world.
I thought the shabby cat would be the easiest way to explain to Campion where he was and what he was doing there,since I don't think he would trust Femke and her daughter on their word on that.
Femke and her husband can BOTH speak animals' languages since they have lived in a hidden village in the woods (more information about these villages will follow in the next chapter). Christie is still too young to have learned,so she is most likely gonna learn these languages from her parents as Campion stays with them.
Of course Campion was concerned about his home warren,and dislikes Vervain (like he said:Vervain could choke on a patch of grass for all he cared). I'm not sure whether I'm going to let Femke set him free immediately after he has recovered,since they are going to develop a strong bond over time. Let me know what you think about all that.
Well that's all for now. Thanks for reading,and thanks to Chipster-roo for beta-reading this story. Don't forget to:REVIEW
