My previous adventure at Watership Down was dangerous,desperate,but in the end full of happiness and romance for me and my friend,or rather my brother rabbit,Fiver. Together,we had defeated Gooseberry and Chillblack,two villains who tried to end his life for the sake of Gooseberry getting the doe who loved Fiver and as far as I know,he is living happily with his doe Snowflake.
But I was now back at South Wales and I was in my relationship with the beautiful Rosie Rell. Before I begin the chronicle,I insist upon telling who reads this a lot about her. She was an actress from God.
Her acting career started when she was discovered in a playground by a play director who saw her at ten years old to be the most perfect Alice in his drama production of Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. She happily accepted - not for the lead - but for the fact that it was her most favourite story. The show was a huge success due to the little girl's success in bringing the famous character to life and that she was the best out of all the adults. The show grew more audience members to watch her perform. She made the show such a huge success they called back to reprise the character for Through the Looking Glass:And What Alice Found There.
I met her at an audition for an hour and a half stage adaptation of Hansel and Gretel when we were eleven and we got the roles together. Thinking back on it,we were the only ones who auditioned for many children were scared of the story. Mind you,the makeup design that they had chosen for the Witch was frightening and mesmerising but we knew it was all pretend and that was what brought us our friendship:our courage and confidence for the stage and horrors it would necessarily offer. She got most of the attention but I didn't really mind. She was more destined for talent than I was.
She wanted to do more drama but then she was introduced to musical theatre when she was chosen to play Nala in The Lion King at school,and she loved it. Though she still did drama she had mostly been doing musical theatre ever since and was cast as almost every lead role in well-loved musicals and plays:She was the Ghost of Christmas Past in A Christmas Carol,Annie in Annie,Mary in The Secret Garden,Sara in A Little Princess,Dorothy in The Wizard of Oz,Sandy in Grease,Eva Paron in Evita,Christine in The Phantom of the Opera,Grizabella in Cats,Kala in Tarzan,Maria in West Side Story,Louise in Gypsy,Belle in Beauty and the Beast,Fantine in Les Miserables,Nancy in Oliver!,Fraulein Maria in The Sound of Music,Laurey in Oklahoma!,Johanna in Sweeney Todd:The Demon Barber of Fleet Street,Wendy in Peter Pan,the White Witch in The Lion,the Witch and the Wardrobe,Veruca Salt in Charlie and the Chocolate Factory,the Grand High Witch and The Witches,Mrs. Fox in Fantastic Mr. Fox,the Narrator in Joseph and the Amazing Technicolour Dreamcoat,Gertrude McFuzz in Seussical:The Musical,Sally in Cabaret,Molly in Ghost,Milly in Seven Brides for Seven Brothers and Sarah in Guys and Dolls. She even played all the princesses in various pantomimes including Cinderella,Snow White and Sleeping Beauty.
Throughout our time in college,though studying Musical Theatre,she was so popular,she was asked to fill for such roles in the acting strand including Bagheera in The Jungle Book,Mary Warren in The Crucible,Azdak in The Caucasian Chalk Circle and played the lead girl in Romeo and Juliet when the real actress dropped out last minute complaining about Shakespeare being the same old "misery-creator" and she luckily knew it all as she was in love with the story.
I'm sorry. I know I explained more than I needed to,but I just can't get over what a wonderful actress she is. The funny thing about Rosie is that with most actors and actresses,when they get the lead roles that constantly,their heads grow dangerously big like Elliott Edderdeen,but Rosie was different from all them egos. She auditioned for these roles just because she always has a chance to play the role in front of the judges whether they pick her or not with many girls arguing saying they would get it. Many judges said they cast her because they cannot stand any of those girls making each other feel bad,which I would agree upon,but deep down they always gave them to her because of the talent God had given her. She was nowhere near arrogant,self-absorbed,pompous or egotistical. She was sweet,gentle,supportive,sisterly,she was so much like a nun. Every audition she went to,she would just audition without trying and she would win the role. But yet she would say nothing about them,neither would she say anything on Facebook,much to my disappointment because she was missing out on a lot of attention she deserves. She believed it was only luck she won those roles because she only auditioned to have a chance to play these wonderful roles. It was not luck at all. She was always oblivious to her talent. Her most favourite role to date was Aunt Em in The Wiz despite it being a one-scene character. The reason she loved it was because of her motherly nature and of the fact that her little sister Cynthia played Dorothy. There were no girls to play Glinda and she asked to play that role also,just so she can work alongside her sister. Rosie loved and cared for her very much as much as Cynthia and all her little friends did her. As a matter of fact,they loved her so much that they begged their drama teacher that she would be Miss Honey in their twenty-minute production of Matilda. She agreed to it,not for the part but because she loved little children and always wanted to find time for them. This is why I am psychologically in love with Rosie Rell. Looking at the girl,her bright blue eyes,her night dark hair and her constantly worn dresses,she seemed to have the whole of Watership Down inside of her as they shared the same beauty.
We were both successful in our three recent auditions:for Little Shop of Horrors,she was cast as Audrey while I was cast as Seymour,for Honk!,she was cast as Ida while I was cast as the Ugly Duckling and for Into the Woods,she was cast as Cinderella while I was cast as Jack.
We were having a party at her castle of a house. It was almost as big as Buckingham Palace.
Her father was a composer and her mother was a professional pianist. They always had a party to celebrate their talented daughter being in her shows,something which she feels is unnecessary but lets them if the really want to. She mainly wanted a party this time because Cynthia had her first lead role and wanted the best for her.
Me and Rosie were both nagged to perform Suddenly,Seymour in front of all the guests this very moment,a performance they all loved.
After the performance,we sat on a field not far away,but the full moon shone on us beautifully.
"These will be the best times of my life with you,Rosie," I said.
"These will be my most favourite shows because I am working along side you longer. I can't believe Elliott is the Plant,Drake and the Baker though."
"I don't know how he gets those roles. But at least I finally beat him. Besides,I think the award for best villain will go to Michael. I knew he'd be the Dentist before he was cast."
Elliott Edderdeen was a pompous airhead for theatre. I will let whoever reads this learn about him in the first chapter in The Power of Love for I was sick of describing him typing it all then as I am now. All I can say was that he bore a striking resemblance to the previous villain Gooseberry,but it would be quite harsh to say that he was hard-core like Gooseberry. Elliott Edderdeen was not an evil guy but disgustingly arrogant which we all thought Gooseberry to be at first before revealing the monster he was. Edderdeen was just the arrogant side of the villain,not evil.
"Yoooo!" came a voice and a figure ran up to us.
"Hey,Michael!" I cried. I shot up and we hi-fived,following a knuckle-nudge.
"How are you,Michael?" asked Rosie.
"Chilling like always," smiled Michael sitting down. "Yolo."
"Where were you for the last hour?" I asked.
"Paying in the first half for my MXB1."
"The new guitar?" I said. "Cool! Quite a fair price for that!"
"Comes quick when you have the time of your life with employment."
"Serving at McDonalds?" asked Rosie. "How do you get such payment?"
"They say I'm swift."
"No denying that," I remarked.
Michael Dawnrah was indeed a very sporty person. He was extremely tall and he was never seen without his sport outfits,except for evenings like this;he was wearing his favourite black causal shirt with quarter-length sleeves,denim jeans and red converses.
"Hello,Rosie!" called Cynthia rushing up to us.
"Hello,Strawberry-Shortcake," said Rosie as they hugged each other.
"Can I join you for a little while?"
"Of course," smiled Rosie. "This world would be so dull if no one had you."
Cynthia seemed to inherit her sister's sweetness and her gentility,like a rosebud not ready to bloom yet. They loved each other dearly. So dearly in fact,it was like looking at Hazel and Fiver,the two rabbit brothers I met at Watership Down. Hazel loved Fiver like he would a son and Fiver loved Hazel like he would a father,but they are more happy to be brothers.
"Your relationship reminds me of Hazel and Fiver."
"Who are they?" asked Cynthia.
"Oh,they are Leo's rabbit friends," explained Rosie. "Leo's been to some place where I haven't been yet but has promised to take me there one day."
"You see,Cynthia," I explained. "There is a place called Watership Down,resided by rabbits. There are quite a few of them;there's Hazel,his brother Fiver,Snowflake,Bigwig,Pipkin,Spartina,Campion,Hawkbit,Dandelion,Strawberry,Primrose,her three adorable children Gillia Snowdrop and Mallow and Blackberry. They took me in when I was running away from an evil man called Mr. Gorwood who tried to arrest me unfairly and I feel into a river into the universe. They took me in,gave me food and a comfortable place to sleep. I already had two adventures there. The first unlocking the power to an enchanted necklace and helping Fiver find a doe and learn that inner-beauty is more important than outer beauty."
"Are there any nasty ones?" asked Cynthia.
"There were," I explained. "But they are all gone. The first was Darklunn,but I burnt him - by accident. Then there was Chillblack,Hazel pushed down into a pool of lava in a factory chimney. The there was Gooseberry. He fell down a huge waterfall and was eaten by wolves."
"Can I come?" asked Cynthia. "I want adventure."
"I don't see why not," I smiled. "What do you say,Michael?"
"Sounds good to me," he said. "I'm ready for anything new."
"BBC News,Leonardo Barning,author of The Watership Down Chronicles gives a book tour to the young."
I looked to see my little brother Jason. Though he had matured in the previous story,he seemed to have grown his stroppiness and sarcasm back. I just hated sarcasm.
"Perhaps if I took you there,you'd realise the truth," I said.
"I wouldn't want to be a rabbit," he chuckled. "I'm not one for being an animal that humps on one."
"Glue it!" snapped Michael,gripping Jason by the top. "Don't make these tale into your own twisted,sick teen world."
"Understood," gulped Jason.
We suddenly heard stomping and screaming by the party. We all rushed down to find one little boy who was pushing a table over and hitting it with a rolling pin,and suddenly,he stopped dead.
"I'm so sorry!" he wailed. "I could not help it!"
"My cousin!" said Rosie. "He's got a mild form of bipolar."
"Very unholy actions I see," said a tall,middle-aged woman.
"Elvira," warned Rosie's mother. "Enough. Let's take this poor boy to the parlour,make him a cup of tea and so on."
"Will Mammy be cross with me?" said the boy.
"Of course not," said Rosie's mother. "She understands you perfectly well."
After he was taken in,Leo said,"Poor boy! I can imagine what hell that must be!"
"He lives with it well," said Rosie. "He's sweet,gentle and loves to read. He's just been born with it."
"A sign of unholiness I'm sure," said the woman from earlier on.
"Please Aunt Elvira," said Rosie. "Donnie is not unholy at all. I remember when I first carried him in my arms I knew he would be my most favourite cousin which he always will be."
"Counts for nothing," smiled her aunt smugly. "Our father creates these beings without realising he has put the devil's heart inside of them."
"He has caused no harm!" snapped Rosie. "He only breaks things which he cannot help. He prays to God that he will get out of his condition."
"Try as hard as he might," said Aunt Elvira,"God never answers his kind for he is aware of his own sins of creating them."
"He never sins!" I said,shocked. "How dare you speak ill of him! We are the sinners;not him. Being nailed to the cross was meant for us,but he took our place out of the love of his own heart! He makes people different as they are to make more people in this world!"
"You don't understand,Leonardo," said Aunt Elvira. "When people are born with such a mental disorder,it means they came from the devil as you ignorant people ought to understand."
"What?!"
We looked to see Donnie looking at us with an expression of horror.
"I'm possessed?"
"No,sweetie," said Rosie. "You're just -"
But then he started breaking things all over again uncontrollably.
"See what you've done?" I started.
"Leo!"
I looked to see my mother coming. "Let's leave it as it is now. We'll discuss it later."
"But didn't you hear what she said?"
"I did,sweetie. But we can't let all hell break loose more than it already is now."
Later that night,I was on Facebook and was typing Rosie about the whole incident a the party.
Hello,Rosie. I'm really sorry about everything tonight.
Don't be sorry,Leo. You had nothing to do with it.
I meant as in how your cousin went mental. I know he could not help it but all the same with what your Aunt Elvira spoke about,God ignoring him.
She thinks she is right with everything about her region which I do not believe. God is there for any one,even the wicked for they always have their chance to redeem themselves when alive.
I agree. Look at Quasimodo. He was born with a revoltingly ugly face and body and yet had a sweet,gentle heart and God sent him Esmerelda.
Indeed.
I was thinking for a nice day,we could have a picnic together.
That would be lovely,Lolly. XXXXXXXXXXXX
We could meet at the gnoll for it.
May I please bring Cynthia? I just love having her with me anywhere I go.
No problem. She's so sweet. I already invited Michael to join us. He's up for it.
The more the merrier. What about Jason?
I know he's a pain in the rump but he'll probably be on his new Pokemon game all day long. My mother wanted him to join us because he is always glued to the PS4. Plus,it's midsummer. But it will be a lovely day. I promise. XXXXXXXXXX
Your promises always make my day. So I'll get off to bed now,ready for tomorrow. Sweet dreams,Lolly.
They'll be sweet so long as you are in it - which is very often. Goodnight,Rosie. XXXXXXXXXX
Goodnight,Lolly. Hopefully I will dream about this Watership Down world. XXXXXXXXXX
'Lolly' was a nickname she picked for me not too long ago. I flopped onto my bed and dosed off.
I had wonderful dream but it didn't involve Rosie;I dreamed that I woke up to the sound of scraping outside my door. I thought it was my who wanted to cuddle with me in bed,but when I opened it,I looked down to find a blueish-silver rabbit.
"Aunt Blackberry!" I said quietly,so to not wake my parents and brother.
I picked her up and kissed her gently.
"Hello,precious one," she smiled,licking my nose. "I've come to make sure you are okay."
"I was good,but now I'm wonderful of the fact that you are here."
I shut the door and place her on mu bed,me sitting next to her.
"So many wonderful things have happened since I left,Aunt Blackberry. I fell in love,I spent more time with her,and - and-"
"Slow down,dear thing," chuckled Blackberry. "I'm a patient rabbit."
"Come to think of it," I said. "All that's ever happened was that I've been in love with the girl I told most of you about."
"Who is she?"
"Rosie," I said. "She really wants to come and visit Watership Down. Which reminds me,how did you get here?"
Blackberry hopped onto the window and nodded her head out to it. I got off mu bed and looked out the window to find the beech tree shining in the light of the full moon.
"You've always been near us,Leo," smiled Blackberry. "Just look out the window and that's where we'll be."
I picked her up and hugged her,her warm fur relaxing my face. Then I quickly realised I was in bed and the fur belonged to my cat. It was still night out there and I enjoyed the rest of night snuggling with the cat,thinking that I am with Blackberry.
I had a horrible aunt who tired to have me taken away to a horrid detention centre. She hated me terribly,but Aunt Blackberry's love for me was strong and she adopted me as her nephew. Each time I was with her,my troubles melt like snow. The same said for Rosie. I was so happy that I would soon open the whole day with her. Had I the power to rush time,I could make it to the time of the outing now.

"Lastly,she pictured to herself how this same little sister of hers would,in the after-time,be herself a grown woman;and how she would keep,through all her riper years,the simple and loving heart of her childhood:and how she would gather about her other little children,and make their eyes bright and eager with many a strange tale,perhaps even with the dream of Wonderland of long ago:and how she would feel with all their simple sorrows,and find a pleasure in all their simple joys,remembering her own child-life,and the happy summer days."
Rosie,sitting by her Cynthia's closed the book of her sister's favourite story.
"How is it that Alice can dream such wonderful things and I can't?" asked Cynthia.
"Well,Alice is just a girl with a vivid imagination,peach-flower. Maybe if you dream heard enough,you'll find yourself there. As long as you don't run into the Queen of Hearts."
"She scares me. I really do want to keep my head. I don't want her to chop it off."
"Tomorrow,me and Leo are going on a picnic with Michael and Jason. Would you like to join us? We would love to have you with us."
"Okay," said Cynthia. "But I wish I had someone to take with me."
"How do you mean?"
"You got Leo but I got no one. There are times when I am jealous of you both. I'm so sorry,Rosie."
"Aw,sweetheart," smiled Rosie. "There's no need to be jealous. It just hasn't happened for you yet."
"But I'm thirteen years old. I should start looking for someone."
"You got plenty of time for that. I started growing feelings for Leo when we were eighteen. All in good time."
"Okay. I'll wait."
"Be warned though,boys these days tend to be horrible. Most of my friends had a boy who dumped for someone else,or grown tired of them or anything unfair. Even a few had dumped me for those reasons. Heartbreak is a very nasty thing to feel. Promise you'll be careful with whom you meet. I don't want you to experience a broken heart."
"Was the boy who played Romeo one of them?" asked Cynthia?
"No," said Rosie. "He never will be. He's arrogant,he's conceited,he's not for any girl. Especially for one like you."
"I also feel jealous because I'm not as beautiful as you."
"I don't think I'm beautiful at all," said Rosie. It is the truth she does;t think she is beautiful though she obviously is. She never looked at herself in the mirror except for makeup in her shows and her fashions for parties. "You are so beautiful now,even as a baby. Leo told me that his rabbit friend Fiver wanted a doe and felt he could;n't because he is a runt,but he got a doe who isn't. Beauty does not come from having a beautiful face;it comes from having a kind,gentle heart. Beauty comes from within,not out. Come and see the full moon. Isn't it pretty."
"It is."
"Well,the moon is you."
Cynthia gasped in surprise. "How?"
"Your name represents the moon. I always look for the meaning of names."
"What does Leo mean?"
"Lion."
"What does Rosie mean?"
"Rose. But look at us. We both have our own names repressing beauty. The moon and the rose. Put them both together and red and white connect with love and care other. Like we do."
"I just want things for me to happen quickly," said Cynthia.
"All in good time,sweetie," said Rosie warmly. "You'll get all the luck you deserve in no time. Let's get to bed now. We have a big day tomorrow."
Rosie tucked her sister in,kissed her,and switched her light off. The she went to her own sophisticated room with Disney plushes,Disney DVDs and old dolls from her ancestors. She was not like other girls who obsess over boys and makeup and beauty. She was content just the way things were....
I woke up at three in the morning very parched. I crept down stairs and spend the door the creeped loudly.
"Shut up," I hissed under my breath. I got into the kitchen only to find another light on. I looked in to see my mother with a cup of tea.
"You okay,sweetheart?"
"Just woke up thirsty. What are you doing up so early?"
"Unable to sleep," said my mother.
"Insomnia?"
"Not so much insomnia,I just could't rest well after what Elvira said to Donnie."
"I know," I said. "It's disgusting. It's not his fault he's mental. He was born with it. But everyone succeeds though. Look at Judy Garland;she had bipolar but landed a very deserving career."
"But God accepts anyone doesn't he?"
"I don't know much about God,love. But I'm positive he does. Your grandmother read a verse to me when I was little girl. Do you know what it was?"
"What?"
"Blessed are those you choose and bring near to live in your courts! We are filled with the good things of your house,of your holy temple."
"That's lovely," I smiled.
"You better get some rest now," she said. "You got a picnic with the others tomorrow. Can't have you falling asleep into the cherry pie."
I quenched my thirst and went back up to bed. I thought of the verse. The way it was said,it made think of everyone I met and accepted. Fiver,being a runt with a gift of visions which horrifies him,then Silverweed reading tomorrows of anyone he touches. They were both kind-hearted rabbits and were very happy as well. I was hoping to see them soon,as I was quite busy with Rosie watching her shows and then celebrating our roles for Little Shop of Horrors,Honk! and Into the Woods. I went to my drawers and brought out the green acorn which I had made into a necklace. My last two visits to Watership Down were only dreams,but seeing as to how strong my love was for it,I made it real,much to my happiness. Whenever I was sad,lonely,stressed or angry,that was all I would ever think of. I was hoping tomorrow at the picnic,that would be the chance for me to take Rosie there - as promised by myself.
I closed my eyes and fell asleep. This time,I dreamed that I was at Watership Down and everyone was there doing their own thing;I could see Hazel and Bigwig guarding the warren like two fearless lions,I could see Fiver lying in the flowers with Snowflake,I could see Primrose grooming her children,I could see Blackberry resting her head on Campion's chest in the gleam of the sun,I could see Dandelion with his head stuck in a hole who was immediately dislodged when Bluebell's face popped out,I could see Hawkbit grumbling while digging his paws away with Clover guarding him and then the tree glowing in the sunset. With there being no more Darklunn,Gooseberry or Chillblack,I was certain that this adventure which I knew would be bound to open,would be safe for Rosie and Cynthia. Rosie loves bunnies,so I can imagine how much the kittens would love her. I wondered how good a student Bigwig would see Michael as if he was in the Owsla. Michael was a tough guy,but not as tough as Bigwig;he is a guy who always smiles and is always cool,but he only lets his toughness out when people have it coming. And as for Jason,well if he was a lot more carefree and happy,I think he would get along with Dandelion and Pipkin just fine.
I closed my eyes and landed on my back feeling the warmth of the sun,listening to the singing birds,the familiar voices and the smell of the beautiful tree I claimed as my second home. But soon,I had to wake up in my bed and live the real life. Sad as it was that the dream ended,I knew it was all still waiting for me - and Rosie. That is when warren would be complete.

I got the basket sorted,consisting of Salt and Vinegar Pringles,Mark's and Spencer's Chocolate Biscuits,ham sandwiches,Granny Smith's Apples,cheese string's and Mam had warmed up some sausage sandwiches with some of her homemade vanilla cake for afters. I really was looking forward to this. All I ever recall doing with Rosie was watching her favourite films that came into cinema this year;Zootropolis,The Jungle Book and Finding Dory. She loved Disney with a passion and I was more than happy to join her watching them.
The gnoll was a very beautiful green park. The sunset made it even more beautiful although it was eleven. I felt I was there at Watership Down each time I was there.
I set Jason the task of waiting for the others while I got every thing sorted.
"Hello,Leo," said a voice behind me as I was getting the picnic ready. It was Elliott Edderdeen,a person with an ego bigger than the beech tree at Watership Down. As a matter of fact,he made pompous Bigwig look like a wise,self-disciplined rabbit.
He was an actor like Rosie and unlike Rosie,always got the lead parts. I'm not going to list his roles because I know I wasted too much time exaggerating with Rosie and her roles by going to such a long length with her career. Plus,I do not even want to list his career as to how arrogant he is. In all fairness,he would do it himself. What I will say is that played Romeo alongside Rosie playing Juliet,much to my annoyance as I love Rosie.
"Salutations,Elliott," I said.
"Picnic Time I see?"
"Me,my brother,Michael,Rosie and Cynthia."
"Rosie made a big mistake choosing you. I am the star out of you all."
"I agree," I said. Obviously enough,I wasn't being serious.
"Brilliant," he said. "I'm just going down by that raft to admire my gorgeous self in this here book."
With that,he went down the hill by the bank and opened his book,his earphones in.
At last the others arrived with their own things to eat,such as tarts crips etc.,about almost the same things I brought with me. Looking at Rosie,the sun seemed to shine brighter.
"Hello,Lolly," said Rosie as we kissed.
"Hello,Rosie," I said. I wish I thought up a nickname for her.
While we were eating,Jason was at his usual complaining;
"All we ever hear is the warden complaining about people being noisy. It's a park. What are you gonna do?"
"I know," I said. "That's the warden for you."
"Well if she told me off," said Jason proudly. "She would regret dearly."
"Really?" said Michael. "What would you do if she did?"
"I would just tell her to shut up and call her the female bull. She has the look of one after all."
"And just what are you speaking about?"
Jason looked behind him to see the muscular female warden standing over him.
"Well,just some of our own issues. Insulting whom we don't like."
"Well we don't put up with such rudeness at the gnoll."
"He's got something to call you," said Michael.
She looked down on Jason who very timidly said,"a professional keeper to make sure we behave well."
"That I am. Now behave as I expect you to and all will be fine."
"Yes,miss," said Jason as she marched away.
"Can't believe you called her a female bull," smiled Michael. "She looked red in the face by your humour."
"Zip it!" grumbled Jason.
"Hey," said Cynthia. "Is that Elliot asleep on the raft?"
"It is," I said.
"That gives me an idea," said Michael fishing his camera out.
Michael was a very popular YouTuber. He was a songwriter which everybody liked for,but they mainly liked him for his prank videos.
"Hi,buds and dolls," said Michael. in front of the camera. "That guy asleep on the raft over there is a huge ego. With him here,I decided this is a perfect opportunity to give him a taste of his own medicine. This is Leo,he will be holding the camera as I operate what needs to be done;I am going to slowly drift the raft into the lake,so when he wake up … who knows how he'll react?"
I held back mu laughter at his operating of the prank. he moved his things of the raft and pushed Elliott out into the lake and he drifted slowly away like Baby Moses in the basket. This totally reminded me of Ben Phillips' water bedlam prank which he used on his friend Elliot Giles.
Eventually,Elliott woke up and found himself stranded in the water and looked and Michael waving,his camera in shot.
"Dawnrah!" roared Elliott. "You evil-doer!"
"Life's too short,Edderdeen!" laughed Michael. "Laugh while you still can."
Elliot used his hands for oars as he rowed back to the surface,but as he was,some ducks we swimming up to him and climbed onto the raft and surrounding him. He tried to kick then away,but sudden;BWWSSSSSHH! into the water he toppled. He swam up to the shore and chased after Michael who was,of course,too quick for the ego. He chased after him and slipped and fell int a patch of mud. He stomped up to his things,picked them up and stormed away.
We all burst into a fit of laughter and Michael dropped down from a nearby tree.
"Not too pretty now," he remarked.
"What that hanging from your pocket,Leo?" asked Rosie.
"My green acorn. It can take me to Watership Down whenever I wanted to."
"When will this end,like?" moaned Jason. "Ever since we found you by the river two years ago that's all you've ever been thinking about."
He grabbed the acorn while I tugged onto the lace.
"Jason!" I cried. "What are you doing?! Give it back,you moron!"
"I'm helping you snap out of it by disposing go of it."
"Give it back,you punk!" said Michael joking in the fight.
Eventually,Jason got the whole necklace and threw it down a burrow by the lake.
I stood in shock. Then my face faded to crimson and I tackled Jason to the ground,rolling on top of each other.
"I'm gonna kill you!" I roared. "I'm gonna kill you! That was the only way I could back back there!"
"Good morning,Leo," said Jason. "Had a nice dream."
Rosie and Cynthia just sat there,very calm knowing how typical it was of brothers being foes,which I fairly agree on,but then again that was Pot calling the Kettle 'black'. However,the never bickered their whole life so I can't really blame them thinking of us as silly.
Michael grabbed Jason and said,"Okay,Jase! What do you say to a summer bath?"
He was just about to chuck him into the lake when the burrow started to glow.
"What!" I cried. "The necklace! It's glowing! "
Everyone ran up to it to investigate. Before we could say anything,the green glow engulfed us in it's power.
"Leo,what's happening?" cried Cynthia.
As I was about to answer,I heard heavenly voices singing,voices I heard very familiarly during my first visit.Bright eyes,burning like fireBright eyes,how can you close and fail?How can the light that burned so brightly,Suddenly burn so pale?Brighteyes
The green glow faded and we soon found ourselves present in an animated world,a world I would know anywhere. I was at Watership Down for the third time,this time with company.
"What happened?" asked Michael.
I turned to see,not Michael,but a chocolate brown rabbit with orange eyes.
"Michael?"
"Leo! You're - we're rabbits!"
"Leo?"
I turned to mu left to see getting up,not Rosie,but a doe with the blackest,most beautiful fur I've ever seen as well as the eyes being the same sky blue colour Rosie has.
"Wow,Rosie," I said. "You are even more beautiful than I know you to be."
"And you,Leo," see smiled. Silver suits you really well.
"Rosie! Rosie!"
From the corner came a miniature version of Rosie with the fur and eyes.
"Cynthia!" said Rosie. "How adorable you are!"
"We're actually rabbits?" said Cynthia,who didn't seem ready to believe it.
"What the flying drudge?!" we heard Jason scream.
We went around to a bush to find a young rabbit who was also silver but in a tone that almost faded to Hawkbit's tone of colour.
"How cuddly you look,baby brother," I mocked. "Reminds me of the time I first carried you in my arms."
"LEOOOOOOO!" he screamed. "I'm gonna murder you! Turning me into a rabbit! The most embarrassing thing to be is an animal a girl would only like for fluffiness!"
He charged at me but I raised my foot up and it prevented him from getting to me while he tried to charge at at me even when the foot was in the way.
"Turn me back into a human right now! RIGHT NOW!"
His anger was beautiful music to my ear.
"I would,but you've lost the acorn remember? Until we find it,we're stuck here."
"What's all this racket?!" shouted a young marroon rabbit with a pale brown patch on his right eye.
"Pipkin!" I cried.
"Leo!" cried Pipkin as we hugged. "Welcome back! There hasn't been a day where no one would stop talking about you.
"And your voice has deepened!"
That it did,he had the voice now of a seventeen-year-old.
"And who are these?"
"This is my brother,Jason," I said.
"Ah,yes," said Pipkin. "He told me about all the rot you put him through."
Jason gulped.
"This is my friend Michael. And this is my girlfr - er,doe Rosie and her sister Cynthia." I was going to say 'girlfriend' but I didn't think he knew what I meant by that context.
"Hello,everyone. My name is Pipkin and I'm Captain of the Junior Owsla."
"What's an Owsla?" asked Cynthia.
"Soldiers," I explained.
"Let's go! Everyone will be really happy to see you. Especially you,Leo!"

The beautiful beech tree was there yet again,with all rabbits here and there silfaying or romping.
"Wow!" said Rosie. "It's so beautiful!"
"Welcome to Watership Down," I greeted.
"Leo!" cried a tall dark brown rabbit.
"Hello,Hazel!" I said as we hugged each other warmly. "I got some friends I would like you to meet. These are Cynthia,Michael,Rosie and my brother Jason. Everyone,this Hazel."
"Hello,Hazel," said Rosie. "So lovely to meet you. Leo has told me so much about you and your brother Fiver."
"Isn't Hazel a female's name?" said Jason,trying to be funny.
"What do you mean?" said Hazel.
"Where I come from," said I,"Hazel is known as a female's name."
"I see," said Hazel. "But that's not why they called me Hazel."
"I know," I said. And to Jason I explained,"He's called Hazel because of his hazelnut coat. I suggest you apologise for for what you said to him."
"I don't need to," I said. "It was a joke."
"It's fine,Leo," said Hazel. "We were all young once."
"Where's Fiver?" I asked.
My sight was suddenly blinded by two ears. I freed myself turned round expecting Fiver,but instead it was a tall golden rabbit. Right next to him was a purple-red,stocky rabbit.
"Dandelion! Strawberry!" I said happily.
"Hello,Leo!" he said cheerfully. "Welcome back."
Dandelion was jolly,but extremely dopey,accident-prone rabbit. But that didn't stop him form being one of the most popular rabbits at Watership Down.
"Hello,Dandelion," said Rosie when I introduced them. "Leo told me a lot about you too."
"Has he now?" said Dandelion,looking smug and proud.
"Yes,you and your constant hiccups."
Dandelion's moment of arrogance melted like dewdrops on the grass and went pink in the face.
"I'm only taking five!" snapped a voice from the burrow. Out came a dark,grab rabbit with muck all over him from digging.
"Nice to see you helping Clover full time,Hawkbit!" I laughed.
"At least you are the honoured guest here," he grumbled. "Never find a doe is my advice."
"She admires your doe skills,Hawkbit," chortled Strawberry. "That's why she nags you all the time."
"Well at I never slept on jobs."
"What does he mean?" I asked.
"I was a bit of a slacker when I first came here," said Strawberry. "But I'm proud of the body I've given myself."
"And finally returns," said a lion head rabbit.
"Bigwig!" I exclaimed happily. I hugged him,to which he seemed a little embarrassed.
"Err,welcome back,Leo," he smiled. "Who's this lot?"
"Some friends I promised to take here," I said.
"You need a haircut you do," commented Jason.
"Jason!" I hissed.
"I ought to teach you a few manners,you little-"
"Leave him to me,Bigwig. He's my brother,I'll sort him out."
Bigwig exhaled deeply and hopped off.
"I'm warning you," I said to Jason. "Bigwig is the last rabbit you will ever want to get on the wrong side of."
"Can't take a joke like," muttered Jason.
"Follow me," I said to the others. "Let me take you to meet the others."
I led them into the burrow and hopped into a certain chamber where I saw Campion taking care of his mate Blackberry with a new baby suckling from her belly.
"Welcome back,Leo," greeted Campion.
"Hello,Leo," smiled Blackberry as we nuzzled.
"I missed you so much," I said. "And you have another child."
"Leo II" she said proudly.
I gasped in delight. "You named him after me?!"
"He's going to have fur like mine,so I thought that would be the best name."
I watched him suckling hungrily.
Soon after,we left the burrow back outside,where dramatically came Fiver's way.
We both hugged each other joyfully.
"How have things been?" I asked. "How's Snowflake?"
Before he could answer,a tiny rabbit,the same fur as Hazel's ran up to us and crashed headfirst into Fiver's belly,winding him.
"You okay,Chestnut?" strained Fiver to the buck,who recovering from the crash.
"Sorry,Daddy."
I froze in shock with what I had just heard the little buck say.
"He's yours?" I asked Fiver.
"Couldn't ask for anything more," he smiled.
"Oh,Fiver! This is wonderful! You're a father!"
I hugged him happily.
"I just took us out for our little adventure didn't we,Chestnut?"
"It's so much fun being with you,Daddy," said Chestnut hugging his father's tummy.
I never knew a rabbit to be that sweet and cute.
"Chestnut," said Fiver. "Let me introduce you to your Uncle Leo."
"Hello,Chestnut," I smiled.
"Hello,Uncle Leo!" said Chestnut as he hugged me. "I'm so happy to see you! Daddy's told me so much about you. He told me about when Darklunn tried to kill you for having a powerful necklace and that you helped him find Mama."
It was obvious enough what an excellent mother and father Fiver and Snowflake were to him.
Chestnut was quite a curious sight;his fur was as dark as Hazel's and had the same eyes as him;but to be fair,Fiver and Hazel were of the same blood so I suppose it shouldn't be much of a shock. Though he didn't resemble Snowflake,he seemed to have inherited her sweet,loving nature.
"He has returned!"
I turned to see Snowflake,Primrose,Spartina and Bluebell. Primrose was Hazel's mate,Spartina was Bigwig's mate and Bluebell was Dandelion's mate. I hugged all three of them. It was wonderful to see them all.
"Everyone,this is my friend Michael,my brother Jason,my mate Rosie and her sister Cynthia."
"Hello,all of you," welcomed Primrose.
"Welcome to Watership Down," said Snowflake in her usual sweet,heavenly voice.
"It's wonderful to have new faces," said Spartina.
"More to come I see," I added as I looked at Spartina's pregnancy.
"Winter needs to come quick," said Spartina.
"What have you been doing just now?"
"We've been gathering more leaves for Blackberry," said Primrose. "Oh yes,did you hear?"
"Yes. She has a new child and she's named it after me. And speaking of children Snowflake,Chestnut is so adorable. You and Fiver are brilliant parents."
"Thank you,Leo. I was so happy the day arrived. Our lives were complete."
I turned to see that the others have gone their own way;Rosie with some kittens,Michael talking to the Owsla,Jason avoiding quite a few of them,and Cynthia exploring the wonders. I deiced to leave them to it and look for the beloved father and son.
I hopped down to the orchard to see a black,scrawny rabbit with a thin beard laughing happily and chasing a butterfly.
"Hello,Vervain," I smiled.
"Why,Leo my friend!" cried Vervain happily. He rushed up to me and hugged me. "I haven't had a day of misery at all since you freed me!"
It was very lovely to see Vervain still happy. I learned in my last visit that when he was a kitten,he was a sweet lovable baby but very cowardly,following him to be disowned by his uncaring family. The a witch named Chillblack sweet-talked him into taking a potion to make him brave and courageous while really it turned him evil. But after we defeated the witch,he was free and had spent all his days,laughing,dancing and lying in the sun.
I went into the orchard to see Chestnut searching here and there as if he and Fiver were playing Hide and Seek. It soon proved right when I saw a tawny brown rump with a dark brown tail from an old bush,obviously belonging to Fiver.
Chestnut saw me in the distance and I nodded in Fiver's direction. The kitten looked the way I instructed,to see his father's wiggling tail. Chestnut snickered,kept to him and pressed his paw into his tail making Fiver yelp like a startled cat. He grabbed Chestnut,lay on his back,and bounced him ups and down with his feet.
At last,Chestnut and fIver grew exhausted and Chestnut fell asleep on top of Fiver's chest.
"He really had brought you into your life,hasn't he?" I said,sitting next to Fiver.
"I now know how Hazel felt when he became a brother," said Fiver. "I'm sorry I haven't been with you much today,Leo."
"I understand,brother," I said. "Speaking of brothers,where's Silverweed? I haven't seen him at all."
"Leo!"
I turned to see Silverweed run up to me with another rabbit muddy-brown in coat.
"Silverweed! Good to see you again! And who's this?"
"Greetings,friend," said the rabbit. "My name is Blakavar. And I know you. You're Leo Barning from above. I left the warren to do more training and now back with a full determination."
I liked Blakavar right away - and his young Irish accent and voice,he reminded me so much of Stephen Gately,one of my favourite singers next to Phil Collins,Elton John and Queen.
"Where've you both been?"
"Nuthanger's Farm," replied Silverweed. "I want to try some new skills and Blakavar had offered to teach me - a fine teacher he is too."
"Always glad to help," said Blakavar. "I wouldn't want you being taught such challenges by the professionals".
Then Blakavar puffed out his chest and made a cruel,but very clever and hysterical impression of Bigwig with his English accent and aggressive voice.
"Hop over to Duster and hop over his kennel. Chop-chop or you'll be taught how to outsmart a fox alone. Get on with it while I straighten my mane."
I chuckled at it warmly.
"Come along,Silverweed. Let's show Bigwig what you have learned."
"He was here before me?"
"Yes," said Fiver,stroking Chestnut still resting on his chest. "But Bigwig gave him quite a hard time die his lack of skill,so he left for a while for training and now he is back,much to our delight. He still doesn't seem to have forgiven Bigwig though."
"I think Michael and Blakavar would be good friends if they met each other."
"Michael? Oh,one of those new rabbits whom I saw you with?"
"Yes. Him,Jason,Rosie and her sister Cynthia."
"Jason?" asked Fiver. "Your brother? You're friends now?"
"I wish," I said. "Hopefully his stay will freshen him up,He's already mad at me for,quote-on-quote,turning him into a rabbit. You should have seen his anger. It was hilarious."
Toward evening,I spent some time with Fiver accompanied my Chestnut as we all lay on the grass at the beam of the sun,reminding me off the last visit I had when I lay in the sun with Fiver and Silverweed.
Chestnut,who had been sleeping even when carried up to the warren,yawned and opens his eyes.
"Sleep well,Chestnut?" smiled Fiver.
"I did,Daddy," smiled Chestnut. "Thank you for keeping me company."
"I'm your father," laughed Fiver. "It's my job."
"Exactly like Uncle Hazel did with him," I said to Chestnut.
"Daddy is not just my daddy," he said to me. "He's my best friend."
I put my paw to my heart from what I had just heard. If there were more sweet little bunnies like Chestnut,the world would be a much better place than it is now.
"So many new things here now," I said. You and Snowflake are parents,Bigwig and Spartina are on the way,Blackberry has a new baby she has named after me and I've actually brought my doe with me at last. Things often seem to change each time I come here. Next it'll probably be Dandelion and Bluebell as the parents."
"I can imagine what a laugh their babies would have with their father," chuckled Fiver.
"Or how pouty they were if they were Hawkbit's."
We both laughed at the pun.
"There you are,Lolly," said Rosie as she came over. "The kittens really love me."
"I knew they would," I said.
"There he is!" squeaked some voices,as a few kittens attacked me,hopping all over and and taking me to the floor. The kittens were Gillia,Snowdrop and Mallow,Hazel and Primrose's children and the two others were Roseberry and Raspberry,Blackberry and Campion's twin children.
After that little romp,I joined Rosie and I showed her the view from the hill.
"It's as if Heaven has come down to Earth," smiled Rosie. "Thank you so much,Lolly."
"I'm so happy I could bring you lot," I responded. "Heck,due to your colour,I've finally got a nickname for you."
"Oh yes? What is it?"
"Bagheera."
I felt it very fitting as Bagheera is a black panther and Rosie had played that role.
"I like it," said Rosie. "You really have a talent for nicknames. Have you thought of ones for the others?"
"Not really,but I've got one for Jason;Droops. Since he is always moody he's bound to have drop ears."…..
Later that night,we shared a good meal and watched the full moon before I took Rosie to my chamber. It was beautifully large and circular. At the start,it used to be a regular size when I first visited,but during mu second visit,it was taken by Gooseberry,the former villain,and when he was defeated,Gillia,Snowdrop,Mallow,Roseberry and Raspberry extend and widened it to make it better for me - something I would be forever grateful for. By the corner of the burrow,lay a bed of fresh green leaves. We both landed comfortable onto it,the length wide enough for two rabbits like ourselves. Jason shared a burrow with Pipkin and Cynthia shared a burrow with Hawkbit and Dandelion while Michael shared a room with some rabbits around Pipkin's age that I did see today but never really spoke to.
"What are our thought about this place,Bagheera?"
"Wonderful. Everything I've ever dreamed. I couldn't take mu mind off it - even when I was reading chapters of Alice in Wonderland to Cynthia. I hope she will be okay with Dandelion and Hawkbit," Rosie added.
"Oh,she'll be in good hands with them," I assured her. "Hawkbit will a grumble-whiskers to her but Dandelion on the other half,I think she would love him. I feel sorry for Pipkin sharing quarters with Jason though,but Pipkin is a patient rabbit. The those rabbits with Michael,well there bound to get along. They hang with Pipkin after all. We'd better get some sleep if we are to start a new day tomorrow."
"But will we ever get home?"
"We'll be fine. I've researched when in a different world,our own time will freeze until we return. Even the Narnia series tells it."
I kissed her on the nose goodnight,but then she asked,
"How do rabbits kiss?"
"Two ways," I told her. "One is the tongue kiss," I licked her cheek and she licked me back. "Then there is the nuzzle." I nuzzled her nose with mine and she did the same.
"All three are my favourite," she smiled. "Goodnight,Lolly."
"Goodnight,Bagheera."
She snuggled up and rested her head on my chest which to me felt like Heaven. I put my arms over her,feeling her beautiful silky black fur. I often wondered how it would feel for Fiver,Dandelion,Campion,Hazel or Bigwig to have a doe to protect in the night and I was quite sure it felt to them as I felt now.
I gave her gentle lick on the head and drifted to sleep,looking forward to begin a new day with her on Watership Down as I promised her last summer.

"Bobstone guess,three."
Correct.
"Bobstone guess,five."
Correct.
"Bobstone guess,one."
Correct.
Fiver was teaching his son Bobstones and he was already the champion.
"You are so clever," smiled Fiver,ticking his son's nose with one nail of his paw and Chestnut laughed at the sensation.
"Do your Hawkbit impression,Daddy!"
Fiver scrunched his mouth to both sides,scuffling his hair with his paws and said in Hawkbit's voice,very cleverly imitated,"What a joy kids brings. Just have ti humiliate yourself to get a laugh out of them."
Fiver,thought being the shy timid rabbit I know him to be,has a gained a little confidence. Since he was now a father,he felt as if he had grown Hazel inside him. As long he has known Hazel as a baby,Hazel was gentle,caring,protective and funny. He felt that he know must be feeling how Hazel felt looking after him,caring for and entertaining this little thing.
"Hahahaha!" laughed Chestnut loudly. His laugh warmed Fiver's heart more and more by the minute.
"We'd better get you to sleep,little one," smiled Fiver. "You've had a long day today."
"Do I have to?"
"If you don't listen to Daddy,he will have choice but to tickle you until you do he says."
And he started to tickle Chestnut everywhere;his belly,his ears,his feet and his neck.
"Okay! Okay!" he laughed. "I'll go to sleep."
Fiver stopped but Chestnut jumped onto his father and tickled him everywhere,making him laugh hysterically. The only way Fiver could stop him was to hold him up with his paws and feet as Hazel would often do to him whenever they had such a frolic.
"Can I have a story please?" asked Chestnut.
"Right after you've had your bath," said Fiver.
Snowflake groomed him and he snuggled up in his chamber,his father next to him and Chestnut rested his head into his warm fur,like a joey snuggling up in its mother's pouch.
"Could you tell me the story of how you and Mama found each other?"
At first,Fiver felt he should tell him to pick another for he was obviously too young to hear a story involving,blood for love,poison,an evil witch and his father getting badly hurt. But he quickly thought of a way to translate the story for his age.
"Well okay," said Fiver. "I am a runt. And at the beginning I thought,because if it,no doe would love me. But then,one day,I saw Mama by the pond singing so beautifully. I watched her from a waterfall and I fell in front of her. I acted a little silly but we grew to like each other. But there was a horrid rabbit who wanted Snowflake to himself,so we deiced to run away someplace to ask to be each other's mate. But the rabbit followed. He tried to fight with me but I knocked him out and he lost his entire memory. Me and Mama spent many happy days together,made even happier when we learned that you were coming."
"Wow," said Chestnut. "Did that really happen?"
"Of course," said Fiver,trying his best to swallow the painful truth of the whole experience.
"It's time for sleep now," he said,changing the subject.
"Why does everyone have brothers and sisters and I don't?"
"Well,it does't always happen,but Mama is an ordinary rabbit and Daddy is a runt like you. When we made you,I didn't have enough for a litter."
"Oh," said Chestnut. "It's just that sometimes I wish I had a brother or a sister."
"I understand your loneliness,whiskers," said Fiver sympathetically. "I had no friend at all as a baby expect for Uncle Hazel."
"Is that why I was born a runt? Because you're one?"
"No,no," smiled Fiver. "That was an accident."
"Did I do something?"
"Nothing at all. The way we are born just happens."
"But now you have me," said Chestnut. "You're my best friend,Daddy. I'll be there for you like Uncle Hazel was."
"Oh,but let me take care of you first," said Fiver lovingly,wondering how Frith blessed him and Snowflake with such a sweet little son.
"Where did I come from?" asked Chestnut innocently.
Fiver looked a little embarrassed. His mind worked away on how to tell him where he came from.
"Well,me and Mama made a wish to the stars to have children. We went to sleep,and there you were,sleeping against us both."
"And will ever be happy as a runt?
"Of course you will," said Fiver warmly. "You'll have the happiest childhood ever. I promise."
Chestnut started to close his eyes.
"Goodnight,Daddy," he yawned. "I love you."
"I love you too,son," said Fiver as he licked the top of his head.
Snowflake hopped in and said goodnight to him also.
"Sweet dreams,little flower," smiled Snowflake as she also licked him.
Fiver and Snowflake hopped to their quarters and lie down on their bed of leaves.
"He has been asking if he'll ever be happy as a runt," said Fiver.
"Will he?" asked Snowflake.
"Yes," said Fiver. "I'll see to it he will."
"Weren't you happy as a runt when you were young?"
"Well,I didn't really mind. But as I started growing up,I kept having bouts of depression but Hazel stayed by my side all the way. Then came the issue with my visions which I thought I was causing,but most of the time I was then ashamed of being a runt,but that was before Silverweed,Leo and you."
"But suppose Chestnut went though grief the exact same way you did?"
Snowflake began to sob bitterly.
"Don't cry,Snowflake," said Fiver. "I will guide him all the way. The young don't succeed with the old in their shadows."
"But I'm scared for him. He's a runt."
"He looks up to me. He will be happy as long we are his parents. We both understand each other. He can even go to Hazel if he wanted more advice. Hazel was a father and mother to me."
"You are wonderful father,Fiver."
"No one could ask for a better mother than you,Snowflake."
They nuzzled and rested for the night.

I awoke to the birds singing outside. I looked to see Rosie resting peacefully on my chest. Thinking back on how she loved Watership Down and its characters,I wanted this day to be pitch perfect for her as she got to know more about it.
I licked her awake.
"Good morning,Bagheera," I smiled.
"Good morning,Lolly," she replied as she liked my nose.
"Shall we go outside and watch the morning sun?"
We hopped outside to the edge of the hill where the sun was shining in the distance over the hills.
"Wow," smiled Rosie,admiring the beautiful outstretched view. "I can imagine Chris wanting a view like this for his ranger hut."
Chris was Rosie's older brother and a forest ranger. He rescued me in the previous story when I was chased by wolves in the forest while I was escaping from my wicked Aunt Madeline.
"I knew you would love it," I said. "All the times I was out there I'd often wondered what you would think of it if you were here."….
Cynthia woke up,her head resting on Dandelion's warm fur drifting her back and fore. Normally he slept with Bluebell but she was temporarily looking after Blackberry and Leo II. Cynthia had so much fun with Dandelion and grumpy Hawkbit. Hawkbit making sarcastic comments and Dandelion making fun of him for Cynthia which she thoroughly enjoyed. She grew to like Dandelion very much,with his jokes and clumsiness.
"Good morning,Dandelion," Cynthia whispered. But the tall golden rabbit soared on.
Cynthia lifted on of his ears,brought it to his nose and started ticking it.
Dandelion sniffed and a huge sneeze shook the burrow,making Hawkbit with up with a jolt,whamming his head on the ceiling which was not to far from him where she slept.
"So you once had a frog in your belly and now got ants in your sinus!" grumbled Hawkbit.
"I'd rather ants than a frog any day," sniffed Dandelion.
"You're both funny when you argue!" giggled Cynthia.
"Oh,thanks,smiled Dandelion."
"She wasn't complimenting," said Hawkbit.
"Was too," said Cynthia. "Leo told me how funny you two are;Dandelion being the joker and always tripping over and Hawkbit being the grumpy one."
"Oh. he said that did he?" growled Hawkbit. "Wait until I get a hold of him! Gossiping about us,I'll scratch him,and I'll call him and I'll-"
"Nice to see you wide awake,Hawkey," said Clover who appeared by the entrance. "Now for the digging you left over last night."
Hawkbit looked red in the face and grumbled,following his mate.
"He thinks he's tough and fearsome," whispered Dandelion in Cynthia's ear.
Both of them laughed.
"He is indeed," chuckled Cynthia.
"Is he?"
"I wasn't being serious,Dandelion."
"Oh. Right."
"I really like you,Dandelion," smiled Cynthia. "You're really funny."
"Hawkbit says I'm a dope."
"He's got it the other way around."
They both laughed.….
Michael was so tired he never had the chance to get to know the rabbits he was sleeping with. Most of them were around Pipkin's size expect one with whiteish silver fur and sparking luminous eyes,who was almost as tall as Michael.
Eventually they all got up and started talking to Michael.
"So is this your first time at Watership Down?" asked a white rabbit with ebony black pair of ears and a tail.
"Yes," replied Michael. "Leo has been here two times before me,Rosie,Cynthia or Jason."
"Ah,yes. Leo Barning from Above," identified a rabbit,leaf orange in coat tone with blue eyes. "Pipkin told us many stories about him."
"Yeah," said one of the others,a rabbit with grey fur and pink eyes. "About how he found a necklace which can grant and wish only if you can take three challenges to unlock it."
"And also," joined in the fourth who had a brownish-orange coat,"he helped Fiver get together with Snowflake and defeated Gooseberry."
"Really must have been seeking glory for such risks," said the rabbit with the whitish silver fur and taller than the others.
"Well,I'm sure Leo would;t choose to things unnecessary," said Michael defending his honest friend.
"Did we introduce ourselves?" asked the orange leaf rabbit? "I'm Loganberry."
"Acorn," introduced the brownish-orange rabbit.
"Tulip," said the white rabbit with black tail and ears.
"Pollen," said the rabbit with the grey fur and pink eyes.
"I am Daffodil," introduced the tall rabbit proudly. "Possibly the most heroic rabbit to grace the warren."
"I'm Michael Dawnrah," introduced Michael truing to ignore the pompousness of Daffodil.
"Michael Dawnrah?" asked Tulip.
"Chief of the Dawn?" said Loganberry.
"How do you mean?" asked Michael. "I'm no chief of anything."
"Then why do you call yourself Dawnrah?" asked Pollen. "Rah is Lapine for 'Chief'."
"I don't understand Lapine language," said Michael. "Dawnrah is just mu last name."
"Well," decided Acorn. "We're sure you'd be bound to be a good leader for so,thing judging by the way you view life. Only last night you were saying you only live once and we must fight for what we want."
"Indeed," smiled Daffodil. "But of course I never had to fight for what I wanted because I was given it instantly. I was one intimidating kitten."
Michael grew to dislike Daffodil more and more each time he spoke.….
Jason woke up feeling very drowsy and hungry. He dreamed he was at the Gnoll with his brother and his friend,his airfield and her little sister. He had stolen an acorn and threw it down a rabbit burrow and they were trapped in another dimension only they were transformed into rabbits. His brother said they had to look for the acorn that way they can get back home. But when he looked at his paws,he realised in his horror that the dream was real.
"I hate you,Leo," he snarled.
"Hate spills blood," said Pipkin as he dragged in a leaf with fresh clovers.
"It's brotherhood," remarked Jason. "What do you expect?"
"I'm an only child," confessed Pipkin. "But I know how it must feel."
"How can you if you're an only child?"
"I've been training Gillia,Snowdrop and Mallow and they have their moments of bickering. Rather strange though,how Hazel and Fiver don't argue at all. They get on like flowers and bees."
"Butter and toast you mean."
"What's butter and toast?"
"Don't you know?" said Jason. "I eat it for breakfast."
Pipkin looked puzzled.
"Cooked bread and salted dairy?"
"I don't know things you know. Your brother said you live someplace else as humans You're bound to get the hang of things. Took Leo some time to adapt with the systems of a rabbit."
"Well,he has been showing some intelligence to do with it all."
"Hungry? Got you something to silflay"
"What?"
"Silflay," repeated pipkin. "it means eat."
"What language is that?" asked Jason finally getting up. His bed of leaves was a lot more comfortable than he had expected.
"Lapine."
"I don't know no Lapine."
"You will," smiled Pipkin. "Leo is already an expert. Try a clover."
"But I don't like greens."
"You must otherwise you'll whisker out of your ears."
"I'm not one for superstition."
"Well this is all we have at the moment."
Jason's belly rumbled. He hopped up to them and hesitantly nibbled on one. He quite liked it.
"That's it," smiled Pipkin. "Tuck in."
"What's your name again?" asked Jason with his mouthful.
"My name's Pipkin. And you are Jason I take it?"
"Yes. Leo tells me you lead a junior army."
"Junior Owsla," said Pipkin. "But if you want to toughen up,you should join me and the others. Daffodil,Tulip,Loganberry,Pollen and Acorn. Very well trained - only moved here a few days ago."
"Where'd they come from?" asked Jason who was beginning to find Pipkin really interesting.
"Dunno," said Pipkin. "They said they came from some warren which was destroyed by Man."
"Why do we all have names to do with fruits and flowers?"
"Don't you?"
"No,we only get names like Peter,Kyle,Eric,David,Ben and Richard etc."
"Don't now any Kyle,Eric,David,Ben or Richard," said Pipkin.
"But I've heard Pipkin before," said Jason. "Rare times."
"My parents gave it to me because they thought I was so cute I needed a name like that."
"Where are your parents?" asked Jason.
Looking a little pained,Pipkin replied,"They died when I was a baby. Eaten by the weasel."
"Oh," said Jason. "I'm sorry. So how did you know their reason for naming you?"
"Bigwig was good friend with them. He rescued me before the weasel got me."
"I didn't hurt his feelings did I? The joke I made about his mane yesterday.
"Oh he's fine," replied Pipkin. "He's well out of it."
"Oh,okay then," said Jason. "I suppose I was angry at the fact that Leo was telling the truth that I wanted to make things bad for him."
"He cares for you still," said Pipkin. Last time he was here,he felt bad for leaving you with Aunt Madeline."
"She favoured me," said Jason. "But I was scared I would get the blame for him running away because I began a fight which led to it all. I lied saying I found her secret for working for this prison he was treated into being taken to but I gave her away so I would get away with it but I did."
"I see," said Pipkin. "Well,we do something like that sometimes. When I was little,there was a badger in the orchard,She still rides there now Bark is her name,and we thought she was a monster. so Hazel put the orchard out of bounds. I persuaded his brother Fiver to go with me and he got himself hurt and dragged away. I thought I had got him killed. I hid it for a whole day until I finally told Hazel. Luckily Bark was friendly and Fiver was alive."
"Did you get in trouble."
"No," said Pipkin. "Though I obviously deserved to be in trouble. Hazel calmed me down with mu grief after I told him. Bigwig was furious but Hazel ordered him to let it go because I was punished enough by living with the guilt."
"I cannot bring myself to tell Leo though," said Jason. "He might snitch on me."
"I'm sure he won't," said Pipkin. "He always says to us that forgiveness is stronger than anger."
"You really take my mistakes well don't you?"
"We're born for it," laughed Pipkin.
"So you'd be fine being friends with me?"
"Of course," said Pipkin. "We're already friends as a matter of speaking."
"This is nice," said Jason. "Haven't had that many friends."
"Pipkin!"
They turned to see Daffodil. "We are waiting for you to guide us on our morning patrol. You can talk to the newcomer about me later."
"But he wasn't," said Jason.
"No need to be embarrassed," smiled Daffodil. "Everyone knows me well enough for my heroics fighting my way to Watership Down passed the grey weasel,the shadow owl and dodging the shining wires." And he hopped away.
"Did he really?" asked Jason.
"Says he's done it," said Pipkin.

Rosie and me were watch the morning sun-ray draw closer. Rosie had her head on my chest.
"The birds sing beautifully in the morning don't they?"
"As beautiful as your heart beats," replied Rosie with her ear perched to my chest as she rested her head still.
"Good morning,young ones," said a rabbit who suddenly appeared. He was a greyish-black rabbit and looked painful old and frail but had warm orange eyes."
"Good morning,sir," I said. "Do you live here?"
"I do," replied the rabbit. "But I normally rest in my burrow and have a morning hop. Leo Barning from Above I believe?"
"Yes,sir," said I. "And this is my doe,Rosie?"
"And you are,sir?" asked Rosie.
"Carnation,my dear," said the rabbit. "I see you await Frith to shine over you?"
"Yes,Carnation," I said. "He makes this world so beautiful."
"Is Frith God?" asked Rosie.
"Sort of," said I.
"Who's God?" asked Carnation.
"A man who died to save us all from our sins."
"We come from a different world,Carnation," I explained. "Our systems are pretty much parallel to your systems."
"So I see,lad," said Carnation warmly. "Always something to learn every day. Well,I'll be in my burrow."
"Want some escorts?" I asked.
"Oh no,no," chuckled Carnation. "I'm stronger than I look. I appreciate your concern,Leo,but trust me I'm okay."
And he hopped back into the warren,not even groaning in pain.
"What a lovely,buck," said Rosie. "Reminds me so very much of my grandfather. Both just as warm and gentle as each other."
The morning sun finally engulfed me and Rosie and more rabbits were starting to come out;Bigwig with Hawkbit,Dandelion,Strawberry,Blackavar and - Fiver.
"Fiver?" I said. "Since when did you join the Owsla?"
"I volunteered occasionally," explained Fiver. "But now that I'm a parent,I want to prove myself more protective. Even after the incident with Goo - with -"
"I know what you mean,Fiver," I smiled. The incident with Gooseberry seemed to have scarred him even though all his cuts had healthily healed.
Soon after,Pipkin arrived with Gillia,Snowdrop,Mallow,Raspberry and the group of rabbits Pipkin's height who slept with Michael the previous night.
"Oh,Leo," said Pipkin. "Did I introduce the lot? Loganberry,Acorn,Tulip,Pollen and Daffodil."
Daffodil was the tallest out of them all,otherwise the most handsome.
"So," said Daffodil. "The famous Leo Barning from Above. Many have bragged about you. I dare say you must be enjoying your fame - the glory,the stories and the honours."
"As much as I appreciate being admired," I said unsurely,"I don't really need to pay much attention to that extent."
"Then you clearly offend fame and it's important attention. Life is nothing if you choose to ignore it. Look at me. Surely you've heard many tales about me. Such as the incident with saving an infant rabbit from Duster the farm dog and flying on an owl's back?"
Pipkin covered his mouth and coughed,obviously hiding a laugh. Daffodil however seemed rather convinced by it.
I instantly disliked this rabbit. Was it Elliott Edderdeen hiding in that body? It must have been. Gooseberry,as far as I remember,was more arrogant than that. On second thought,these so-called tales of his victories,he made Elliott Edderdeen look like a selfless,content person. I only hoped that he did not treat Fiver like a snail hiding in its shell.
"That's quite enough now," said Bigwig. "I'm the only one here who has the IQ for victory for as long as I remember and I will not have debates."
"We can't really argue with this," said Michael. "We usually keep our egos to ourselves."
"Don't interfere,you," said Bigwig aggressively. "I got ways of discipline for cheeky bucks."
"I was only saying," retorted Michael.
"Are you asking for it?" said Bigwig. "You've only been here day and know nothing of Owsla combat so I could take you down now,shake some respect into you."
"He's bound to," interfered Daffodil. "He's obviously requesting it."
"Do so then," said Bigwig to Michael. "I'm open. Knock me off me feet. Go on."
Michael,not knowing what he was doing,turned,kicked and took the huge rabbit to the ground.
Everyone stared,jaws dropped.
"I didn't mean for it to be that violent," said Michael as he offered a paw to Bigwig but he ignored it and cleared his throat.
"We shall patrol from Nuthanger's Farm to the bridge and back and we shall return for the training of speed," he ordered. "Move!"
"Wait!" said Strawberry. "With what Michael has proved. Surely he has the making of an Owsla member."
"What? With a head as big as his?"
"Not as big as your mane," muttered Michael.
Bigwig turned but Michael quickly said,"I said 'Could accept today.' It's a lovely day and we don't want to waste the sunshine. Plus I am quite interested in this Owsla thing".
"Well,alright," said Bigwig. "But I won't tolerate any ill discipline."
And soon they were off,the Owsla,even Fiver,snickering at Michael's humiliation towards Bigwig.
Pipkin's crew,expect Daffodil,fell about laughing,tears streaming from their eyes.
"Where did such a rabbit come from?" chuckled Loganberry.
"We saw none of that coming last night," chortled Tulip.
"He's always been funny," I commented. "You should see his talent for pranks."
"How true," said Daffodil. "I've been pranking all my peers since I was a kitten. Shouldn't hesitate to come for me for a few tips."…
After the parol experience,the group reached a farm. Michael liked the look of it with it's patches and fresh-looking vegetables.
"We're going to test our speed today," announced Bigwig. "We are going to wake up Duster and get him to chase us around the farm and back."
"Who's Duster?" asked Michael.
"The farmer's dog," replied Fiver. "Nasty piece of work,him."
"Why is it a task involving life risks when we could just practice it?" asked Michael boldly to Bigwig. Despite that the fact that Bigwig was bigger than him,Michael feared no-one or nothing.
"Because I'm Captain of Owsla and I decide how we are going to plan the systems," responded Bigwig sharply. "If you're scared,you are free to leave."
"I'll stay," said Michael,just like that.
"Being a Captain of Owsla,I must maintain discipline whether danger is false or not. Hopefully that'll teach you something."
"It has," muttered Michael under his breath. "That taught me the fact that you are an arrogant,self-important pillock."
"Right!" he began. "Blackavar,you're first."
Pridefully,Blackavar scrambled under a hole Bigwig had dug under the fence and hopped up to Duster's kennel.
"Cock-A-Doodle-Doo!" announced Blackavar but unconvincingly.
"He'll have no trouble waking us up,will he?" remarked Hawkbit.
"He won't," agreed Dandelion,unaware of Hawkbit's sarcasm.
"Wake him like you mean it!" shouted Bigwig.
"Shut up!" snapped Michael. "You'll get him killed."
Blackavar spat in his face and,with red,ferocious eyes,the dog charged out of the kennell after him.
The rabbit ran here and there;past the crops,a nearby scarecrow and eventually,he jumped onto a window sill with a flowerpot. Duster was down below pressing his paws to the wall trying to get at him.
"Help!" shouted Blackavar with,at the same time of fright,bravery on his face.
Michael got ready to go under the hole but Bigwig stopped him.
"He says he's come back from all the training he needs so it's a chance to prove himself."
"Self-proof or not," argued Michael. "Everyone deserves help."
"Don't be stupid!" cried Hawkbit. "This is only your second day and you know nothing about combat."
Life was more important than training. Michael slid through the hole.
"Moron," grumbled Hawkbit.
Michael emerged form the other side ran up to Duster,a short distance away,snapping at Blackavar.
"Oi!" shouted Michael getting the brute's attention. "Slug-Tongue!"
Duster turned to see the new rabbit and he charged after him. He was just charging up to where Michael was,when he leapt over him and made a run for it. He came to a dead end and Duster was glowering over him,saliva drooling from each side of his mouth.
Blackavar appeared on Duster's back and covered his eyes. Michael ran under his belly for an immediate escapade.
The two rabbits made their way back to the fence where the hole was,but the dog was catching up to them. Michael,without thinking,lay on his back and kicked Duster in the snout. The dog moved about groggily and Michael got out his claws and scratched each side of the face. After that,he and Blackavar slid into the hole and made his escape. Everyone,expect Bigwig,cheered at the newcomer's bravery - even Hawkbit.
"Well done,Michael!" cried Dandelion.
"Heroic!" laughed Strawberry.
"How do you do it?" remarked Dandelion.
"I wish I could do that!" smiled Fiver.
"Alright!" demanded Bigwig. "Maybe it was a harsh session but we can't often have hands for every session. You can't become a warrior otherwise."
"You're right," said Michael. "Who needs hands when we have paws?"
Bigwig growled and said to Michael,"Don't think you can take my place,my son. I'm Captain of the Owsla and nothing can change that. Dismissed!"
Michael was silflaying near by the orchard,when Blackavar hopped over to him.
"Thank you for saving my life," he said happily.
"Don't mention it," said Michael. "We're meant to help each other. Bigwig seems to hate me."
"For the record,he's probably jealous. No one has ever taken him down before."
"What do you mean?"
"That morning when you took him down?"
"Oh,that."
"Don't take it to heart. He'll grow to appreciate you."
"So where did you go to train?"
"Sun-Lagoon Warren," explained Blackavar. "The most professional teachers they had there. Bigwig just gave a hard time dawn until dusk and dusk until dawn."
"You performed brilliantly today. True courage."
"Thanks. You as well. I never saw anything like it. Only been here for two days and you are already a talented fighter. How do you do it?"
"I don't know,it just comes to my mind and I do it."
"No one taught you?"
"Mu dad showed me a few pointers."
"Where are your parents?"
"I don't really come from here," said Michael. "You probably would not understand if I explained. But family-wise,My mother died from an unexplained illness when I was two. Since then,I have lived with my dad and my abusive uncle who just lazes around but is tough and aggressive. He once nearly broke my arm,needless to say. Mu dad is a gym teacher thought he is gentle at the same time. He taught me how to fend for myself and signed me in for for various activities such as Judo,Karate,Kung Fu and Taekwondo."
"What are those?"
"Foreign styles of fighting. But I never really expect to do it as a rabbit. What happens is that my mind tells me what to do and I do it without thinking. Where do you come from?"
"Ever since I was a babu,I had suffered in a place called Efrafa led by an evil tyrant names General Woundwort. Hazel and the others helped me and Primrose escape but then Bigwig gave me quite hard time due to my lack of skill. In the end,it became too much and I left for profession practice."
"I see so much of my uncle in Bigwig," remarked Michael. "But has he ever scratched anyone."
"Never," said Blackavar. "He just encourages us all. Give it time. You should probably become the best of friends."
Michael and Blackavar spent the rest of the evening talking about their families until they finally went to the down where he met me and Rosie.
"How has your day been then?"
"fine for us," I said. "I had been looking after Blackberry and Leo II. I am so calm,when I'm with her. You as well Rosie,sorry."
"Oh don't be," she smiled. "I understand. You and Blackberry are every close as a nephew and aunt."
"And the kittens really love Rosie. They keep saying she is really beautiful and like to be with her."
"I'm not as beautiful as any of them," she said. "I'm glad they love me,for I just love bunnies. And Jason has been training with Pipkin's friends and Cynthia wandering around the place. I just love her sweet curiosity."
"Hey,Michael."
Fiver hopped up to us with a proud look about him.
"Have you told them yet? Your victory?"
And he told them about Duster and rescuing Blackavar.
"Wow!" cried I. "Only hear a day and you can fight!"
"Amazing!" said Rosie.
"I don't even know why or how I did it," explained Michael. "My instincts just instruct me and I do it."
"Daddy!"
Chestnut was running up to us and he jumped up to his father clinging onto his neck.
"Hello,Prince Winter," said Fiver. "Daddy has been really busy today."
"Uncle Silverweed has been teaching me fluent Lapine today."
And he began proving it right.
"What a quick learner you are," said Fiver tickling the side of his neck.
"Has he shown you yet?" asked Silverweed who hopped up to us.
"You taught him well," said Fiver. "Littlest rabbit with the biggest brain."
Chestnut suddenly looked sad.
"What's wrong?" asked Rosie.
"I don't want to be little," said Chestnut. "I want to be big like all of you."
"I understand,Prince Winter," said Fiver lovingly. "Daddy wasn't happy to be short either. But after so many experiences I don't really mind it. Hannah has her uses for being short."
And that struck me for the first time since coming here.
"Can't believe I forgot!" I cried. "Where is Hannah?"
"She went for a few days with Scree to look for some new rabbits to join the warren," explained Silverweed. I dare say they'll be back soon."
"Can we play Bobstones please,Daddy?" asked Chestnut?
"Of course,Prince Winter," said Fiver. "Get them ready and I'll be with you shortly."
The little buck excitedly hopped away.
"Prince Winter?" I asked.
"He was born winter," explained Fiver. "And I want him to feel as special as possible."
And so they has their happy little game of Bobstones,a lovely silly,following a tuck-in for sleep. But this night was what had started the dark events of this chronicle.

Chestnut was sleeping peacefully when the morning sun woke him up. For some reason he had a horrible dream that he had pictured the old rabbit Carnation caught in the Shining Wire. Though a little shaken,he was happy to find that it was all a dream. But then he heard screaming,wailing and sobbing. He ran outside and saw everyone crowding around each other and paying their respects to someone.
"My heart has joined a thousand," he heard Uncle Hazel say,"for our friend has stopped running today."
He pushed his way through to find Carnation lying dead in the Shining Wire around his neck.
Chestnut backed away in horror.
"I made it happen!" he cried. "I dreamed about him doing like this and I've killed him!"
Suddenly,the grass under his feet crumbled and he fell down a deep dark hole,his father too late to save him. The patch of light disappeared and it was replaced by a red light down below. He fell closer and closer and closer until the light revealed a furnace. He fell straight through it into a new world.
Everywhere he looked,fire lit here and there with burning,tortured rabbits groaning from the pain and he heard distant wails and howling of agony. The air was hotter than the heat of summer and Chestnut's fur began to react to it as he started to sweat from the heat,but mostly from terror.
A black shadow appeared out of nowhere with red hot eyes and it glowered down at him.
"W-where am I?" whimpered Chestnut.
"You have landed forever into the Valley of Fire," said the shadow. "You have spilled innocent blood in that of a dream which had come true. You are cursed with dreams that can make reality and you have proved an evil heart. You shall roast here forever and your father and mother will never see you again - for they are to go above while their evil child stays here to face the consequences of murder."
The shadow disappeared and from the surface,skeleton rabbits appeared and grabbed him by each arm and foot. Chestnut screamed loud enough for anyone above to hear him but no one could. Subsequent to the imprisonment of the skeletons,a huge,monstrous,ugly rabbit in one blind eye,scalded everywhere dragged himself near and opened his mouth getting ready to eat him as the skeletons brought the little buck near.
"HELP!" he screamed. "DADDY! HELP ME! HELP ME! DADDY!"…..
"Chestnut! Chestnut! Wake up!"
Chestnut opened his eyes to see his father over him.
"Oh,Daddy!" he jumped onto his father crying his poor little heart out. "Don't let them get me! Don't let them get me!"
"Who?"
"The monsters in the Valley of Fire!"
"Oh dear," said Fiver,hurt terribly from the dream his son had. "You've had a very horrible nightmare."
Chestnut cried into his father's chest for some time,his father occasionally nuzzling him and licking him.
"I dreamed that I had a dream of Carnation being killed by the Shining Wire and I woke up to find him dead! I fell down a hole leading the Valley of Fire and you were too late to save me! A huge black rabbit with red eyes said I would be down here forever for being cursed with dreams that become reality and because of my evil thoughts! I don't want to go to the Valley of Fire,Daddy! Not there!"
Fiver's child was incredibly inconsolable at the moment. He took him to one side and cradled him until he calmed down.
"It's alright,precious one," said Fiver gently. "Shh,shh. It was only a nightmare. Daddy's here now. Daddy won't let you go. Shall we go for a little hop? You and me?"
"Can I ride on you please,Daddy?" sniffed Chestnut,his eyes horribly bloodshot from crying.
"Of course,Prince Winter," smiled Fiver. "I often rode on Uncle Hazel when I was your age."
They hopped down to the pond where Chestnut had a long,cool drink and they hopped back up to the down where Fiver rested his back on a tree root with Chestnut lying on-top of him as they looked at the starts above. Chestnut drew his father's paws over him to feel safe and protected.
"What are actually the stars?"
"All children. Frith has children above him and bit by bit he always sends one down to us like he did you for me and Mama."
Chestnut started in wonderment with his deep brown eyes.
"Are you okay now?" asked Fiver.
"A little bit," said Chestnut as he turned over to lay on his front,looking into Fiver's warm face. "I feel as if that dream is a sign that something bad will happen to someone else and then me being taken there."
"No it isn't," said Fiver. "It's just superstition. You don't cause anything to happen at all. And you are the last rabbit to ever hurt anyone."
"Has anything like this happened to you,Daddy?"
Fiver thought back on his visions,when he first had them and all the other events which were terribly frightening. He decided to lie to him,for the fear of bringing him into belief.
"No," said Fiver. "I had some horrible dreams myself such as Bigwig getting caught in the Shining Wire and Uncle Hazel getting shot by Man's thunderstick. But it has never happened."
With those words,Fiver felt extremely sick with guilt. He had never lied in his entire life. Not even to his own little boy.
"But if I ever had a dream about you and Mama getting hurt," said Chestnut. "Would you get rid of me?"
"Never," said Fiver. "You can't help dreams. No matter how horrible they are,even if it involves anyone here,we will still love you as we do now."
"I love you more than anyone here,Daddy," said Chestnut. "I don't want anything to happen to you."
"And nothing ever will," said Fiver. "It's all in your head,little one. Now,shall I tell you a few funny things to take your mind of things? Something you want to dream about?"
"Yes please,Daddy," said Chestnut eagerly as he rested his head into his father's warm,soft chest.
"Me,Uncle Leo,Dandelion and Hawkbit went somewhere. Hawkbit and Dandelion drank a a weird water and they began to act all funny,sining and being all stupid and calling each other names you can't imagine."
Chestnut started to laugh.
"There was another time when Uncle Leo retuned after being gone for so long and when Dandelion saw him,he excitedly gulped down a mouthful of grass and he had the hiccups all day long. At the end of the day he still had them and he tied his ears around his mouth like this."
Fiver tied his ears around his mouth and faked some muffled hiccups,making Chestnut laugh at that.
Undoing the knot,he continued,"And there was a time when Hawkbit told us that he doesn't let does tell him what to do and do you know what happened?"
"What?"
"Clover appeared and told him he was supposed to be helping with the digging and he gave her pure respect. To which Uncle Leo said to him. 'We're so impressed with you,Hawkbit. You really showed her there not to boss you around'."
"But - you just said that he didn't take her orders."
"He didn't," said Fiver. "That was the joke. Uncle Leo was being sarcastic with what he said."
"Can you tell me one more?"
"Dandelion,Hawkbit and Strawberry were training with Bigwig and Strawberry got stuck under a log."
Chestnut laughed madly. "That was the best one."
"Want to try and get some sleep now?"
"Can I sleep with you tonight please,Daddy?"
"Of course,Prince Winter. We'll sleep out here tonight. You can sleep with me and I will keep you safe."
"Goodnight,Daddy," yawned Chestnut.
"Goodnight,son," smiled Fiver.
As he closed his eyes,Chestnut leant further and licked him on the nose.
Fiver in return,licked his three time on the head,which to Chestnut felt like a mark of protection from anymore evil dreams.

The first thing Chestnut heard was the sounds of the birds singing in the sky. Seeing his father still asleep,he jumped off him and hopped up to his ears tying them together. Then he slowly climbed back on-top of his father and pretended to go back to sleep.
Fiver slowly began to stir and felt some awkwardness in his ears.
"What's wrong with my ears?" he yawned.
"I tied them up,Daddy!" confessed Chestnut who burst into a fit of laughter.
"You cheeky little blighter!" chuckled Fiver and he tickled Chestnut everywhere.
"Daddy! Please stop!" laughed Chestnut.
"I'm sorry," responded Fiver. "But eye for an eye,tooth for a tooth."
Then he stopped tickling him and rose him up in the air by his feet and paws.
"Good morning,Daddy," said Chestnut.
"Good morning,Prince Winter," said Fiver."
"I had a nicer and funnier dream this time. I dreamed that Uncle Leo had a lovely green necklace on him. Dandelion took it off him and put it over himself,then suddenly,the necklace took him flying all around the down and forced him to bang his head against the tree,and then he went flying again until the necklace broke off him and he was dangling by one foot on a tree branch."
Fiver thought of this being the Necklace of Wisdom. Normally I would explain but it is really long story as to how it began in the first place.
"Have you been sleeping out here overnight?" asked Snowflake who hopped up to them,accompanied by me,Rosie,Michael and Cynthia. Jason was training and frolicking with Pipkin,Tulip,Loganberry,Acorn and Pollen down by the orchard. It strangely improved his mood and I felt no need to call him 'Droops' after all.
"I had a horrible,horrible dream,Mama," explained Chestnut as Fiver lowered him down to the grass. "So Daddy looked after me."
"What bad dream was it,dear?"
Chestnut looked a little hesitant and started to shudder so Fiver came to the rescue.
"Why don't you go get us some fresh clovers,son. I'll explain to Mama."
Chestnut hugged his father and obediently hopped away. Fiver's smile on his and Snowflake's beloved baby was swapped with a look of concern to his mate.
"So what dream was it,Fiver?" I asked.
"He had a dream I don't think anyone would normally dream,Snowflake."
And he told her all about Chestnut's dream of dreaming about Carnation getting killed and that he ended up killed,followed by falling into the Valley of Fire.
"Valley of Fire?" responded Rosie. "That isn't Hell is it?"
"It seems like it," I said understand the parallels as I was here longer than any of the other four.
"How horrid!" cried Snowflake. "He's only a baby!"
"I'd give anything to have me dream it instead of him. I might be a small runt,but I'm not afraid of anything - except what happened when I won you."
Fiver was a very honest rabbit. He never bragged and he was telling the truth;he wasn't afraid of anything and if he was,he'd admit it. He bravery is proven for what is to come soon enough.
"Neither am I," said Daffodil who was overhearing this. "Had many dreams of going to that place. I climbed all the way out. I even had those dreams as a baby and never cried. If you want him to be a braver buck,I will be kind enough to teach him."
I put a paw over Michael's path as I could see anger punching its way out from both his eyes and Rosie sighed is disgust.
"Pipkin and the others are helping look for some flayrah for the leftover storage," lied Fiver coldly.
"Can't stop then," smiled Daffodil proudly as he hopped away. "They would just love to hear the tale of how I hoarded and hid special flayrah unlike Ela-Rah and Prince Rainbow put together."
"What a buck," said Cynthia under his breath happily. "He said he does all these things. He's the one I'm looking for."
"One of these days I guarantee," growled Fiver glaring after Daffodil with an expression of fiery hatred which was incredibly rare of the quiet gentle rabbit Fiver was. "Calling our courageous little child a coward. Chestnut has his own levels of bravery."
"I will see to it he gets some lovely flayrah for such a horrible dream," said Snowflake. "Our little flower."
"That's not what's mainly concerning me however. What is concerning me is that he saw the dream as a sign that Carnation would be caught in the Shining Wire. Don't say anything to him for it may disturb him. He knows nothing about my visions."
"Carnation or Chestnut?"
"Both," Fiver gulped. "Best Carnation knows nothing and I cannot bring myself to frighten Chestnut. I love him more than myself and I love playing with him and I cannot bare to lose him on account of my - abnormality."
"You are not abnormal," said Snowflake. "How many times has Hazel told you?"
"Since it started. But like I said,we cannot tell him or Carnation. Also,he thinks his dream makes evil happenings which I think is rubbish."
"But what if it wasn't?" asked Snowflake.
"Well,I could at least convince Carnation to be careful," considered Fiver,taking precautions to what his mate had just decided. She might be right.
"Hang on a moment," said Micahel changing the subject. "Visions? What are we talking about exactly."
"Well," I explained. "You see,Michael. Fiver has this gift of see the future and when he -"
I was interrupted by Fiver who cried in horror.
"Fiver!" cried Snowflake. "Are you okay?"
"What's wrong?" panicked Rosie. "Is he ill?"
"He's having a seizure!" concluded Cynthia.
"No,no!" I took over. "This is what happens when he has a vision coming."
Fiver shuddered horrifically and began to recite:Two brothers of the family tree,an elder left and siblings three!Reunion comes and blood shall spill,loved one flees from guilt and chill!Journey for us lies ahead,joined together finds us dead!Life shall stay for groups of three,to set the many victims free!
Rosie looked petrified,as if she were told by all her theatre directors that they never wanted her on the stage again. Cynthia buried her face into Rosie's fur from horror,like a kitten hiding behind her mother (which I felt Rosie was more like to her than a sister). Michael never looked so disturbed in his life. I had always seen him angry at his enemies otherwise always smiling at people and laughing his head off at his successful pranks.
I nudged Fiver up off the floor,
"Come on," I supported. "Up you get. are you okay now?"
Fiver didn't answer. He just sat there,wide-eyed,in a bout of hyperventilation.…
"That's it,Jason! Try again!"
"One more!"
"Nearly had it then!"
"Don't give up!"
"Yeah! That did it!"
"Way to go,Jason!"
"Congratulations!"
Jason had been giving tips with combat in the owls and he was doing really well for a first-timer. Though he did make a few little mishaps;missing his footing with a kick and winding Tulip,trying to spin-trip only to make Pipkin land of top of him crushing him and truing to charge jump only to get his head stuck in a rabbit hole resulting the four rabbits to have to pull him out by his hind-legs. He forbade any of them to pull him out by the tail not trusting how fragile it would probably be. However he carried on until he finally got into the stride and he was starting to make himself popular among the others - next to their hero Michael Dawn-Rah so to speak.
The fun was interrupted when Daffodil hopped down to them ready to be the best flayrah scavenger to grace Watership Down.
The he asked where the flayrah was,everyone just laughed.
"I guess you've completed it already," he concluded. "But do save me for the next event for I'm willing to let you learn a few of my tricks which I shall reveal in the next chance which I'm sure shall come presently."
His bragging ended when Michael,Dandelion,Hawkbit and Strawberry came hopping into view.
"Hello,all," greeted Michael. "Thought I'd just come down to see how we're all faring."
"Good thanks,Mike," smiled Jason. "Look what I've been learning."
And Jason proudly showed off his new skill mentioned above the explanation,this time no accidents.
"Very impressive," said Michael. "Dad would be impressed. He was a champion for all kinds of things when he young."
"Bet he could not handle this," remarked Daffodil. "The Upper Claw Scratch."
He tackled at Dandelion and swiped his call upwards on his belly. Dandelion quivered,but no gashes were marked upon him.
"Well," said Daffodil. "sometimes that tends to happen. Just got to be desperate with feeling whilst using it. Seeing as you are new here Dawn-Rah I expect you may not know anything so perhaps I can teach you a little kick move now."
Daffodil turned and got ready to kick but Michael head-lifted him under his belly so he went flying and he kind-kicked him and he skidded into a muddy puddle. To which everyone cheered at his unexplained talent.
"My mind just told me to do that," Michael said.
"Mind or no mind," remarked Loganberry. "You got talent,a mind as early as dawn. From now on,you're Dawn-Rah!"
"Err,okay if you want," smiled Michael.
"Dawn-Rah!-Dawn-Rah!-Dawn-Rah!" chanted the rabbits.
"Screeeeee!"
We looked up into the sky to see Scree with Hannah on his back. They headed for the hill so we raced after them. When we reached the top of the hill,they zoomed down the ground and Scree landed,Hannah jumping off like a professional acrobat.
"We're back!" announced Hannah.
"Hannah! Scree!" I cried hopping up to them. "I've really missed you both."
"Leo!" cried Scree in his high-pitched voice. He nuzzled his face into me. "Scree miss you too."
"Hello,again,Leo," said Hannah. "And company this time?"
"Ironically,yes," I answered. "This time I've brought my brother,my best friend,my doe and her sister. That black rabbit over there,that's my doe,Rosie. That brown rabbit train-fighting with Blackavar,that's my best friend Michael. The one playing Bobstones with Dandelion and Hawkbit,that's my brother Jason. And that's Rosie's sister Cynthia,the one with … Daffodil."
Daffodil was bragging about himself much to Cynthia's interest! And then I saw them nuzzling together. I don't know what she could see inside him.
"Oh him," groaned Hannah in disapproval. "Heard his stories?"
"I have," I said. "What amazing adventures he's had. How I wish I was him."
"You believe him?" cried Hannah who didn't seem to notice my sarcasm.
"Of course not," I said. "He says he's done it."
Pipkin hopped passed sadly.
"What's wrong?" I asked.
"I secretly love Cynthia. I tried to ask Cynthia out but Daffodil got there before me. I heard him saying that no rabbit as short and fat as Pipkin could have a chance against a beautiful doe like her."
"I'm sorry,Pipkin," I said sadly. "You'll find someone. Look at Fiver."
Then I suddenly remembered what I was told as to why Hannah and Scree was gone.
"Oh,yes. Did you find any new rabbits?"
"That we did," smiled Hannah. "You close,Larkspur?"
"I am," said a voice,and what emerged was a middle-aged doe who looked almost as tall as Hazel and,ironically enough,bore a striking resemblance. She had a stern look about her even with her coal black eyes.
"Hello,there," I said.
"Salutations,young buck," she said in a rich,religious voice. "The home of Hazel-Rah I believe?"
"Yes,ma-am," I said.
"You look familiar. Ah,yes. You must be Leo Barning from Above,I've heard many tales about you."
"Yes,ma-am. That's me."
I took her to Hazel who was frolicking with his children just by the tree. He had just stopped laughing when he saw the doe eying him.
"Can I help you?" he asked.
"I am your long-lost relative,Hazel."
"Who?"
"Your great Aunt Larkspur."
"We had a great aunt?"
"Yes," said Larkspur. "I left your mother when your father died. I had hear many stories of you and your journey to Watership Down,the battle against Efrafa and Darkhaven,subsequent to the victories,a young rabbit who goes by the name of Leo Barning from Above came to this warren where he has accomplished many brave deeds,unlocking the power of the Necklace of Wisdom and helping you and your young brother Fiver defeat Chillblack the witch and that oafish Gooseberry. My hideout has been destroyed by Man and I am now homeless,but then this mouse and bird came to my rescue and led me here,so here I am."
What I noticed when she said all this,she kept the same stern face;not a touch of sadness or tears in sight. quite brave if her too,holding her emotions in like that
"I don't know about you," thought Rosie. "But something doesn't seem right about her."
"I feel the same way,Rosie," said I. "But we might be wrong."
Larkspur was welcomed warmly by Fiver and many of the others,even little Chestnut,but still always talked in a sophisticatedly dry manner. I couldn't even remember what she said because it was that dull no offence. Rosie eventually told me of the resemblance Larkspur bore with her Aunt Elvira after what happened;Rosie was looking after Chestnut playing Bobstones with him and he happened to tell her of his nightmare. She told him that nightmares are nothing but cowards to upset children and that he was brave for facing it. He nuzzled into her as a thank you gesture and he hopped away.
She smiled happily at FIver's sweet little baby when Larkspur appeared next to her.
"You may think nightmares are just all in your head,but it is a sign of evilness to dream such a thing."
"It isn't," said Rosie shocked. "Chestnut told me he was crying when it was over. His heart makes him what he is,not his mind,"
"The mind counts for a lot," said Larkspur with a cold smile on her face. "Frith created us,but then we create ourselves as to what we feel and think. It was an accident that the kitten was born otherwise he wouldn't dream such unholy nightmares."
And she hopped away.
Rosie was stunned with what she had just heard from her. Chestnut wasn't an unholy rabbit;he was the sweetest rabbit Rosie had ever seen on the down. He had so many good deeds round the time she saw him;he helped a little bird fly,he picked a lovely patch of blossoms for Blackberry and Leo II,picked a bramble out of Hawkbit's paw and he was constantly calling his father his best friend. Why would Larkspur think such a thing for all those things?
"He is not unholy," Rosie said to herself. "How can she think such a thing."
"People can be tragic within beliefs," said Carnation who was watching the whole thing.
"It's more than a belief," debated Rosie.
"I understand your frustration,child," said Carnation calmly. "Frustration is common upon Frith's children like yourself."
"I have a lovely cousin back home," said Rosie. "And he has a mental issue. My cruel Aunt Elvira says he shall go to Hell for being mad. Surely Chestnut won't go there for having horrible nightmares about someone getting hurt or killed."
Rosie did not dare to say that Carnation was involved with the nightmare for deciding how uncomfortable he would probably feel hearing about it. She coincidentally had a nightmare at one time about her father in a burning house and said nothing to him about it.
"Frith is open to everyone's hearts,my dear," replied Carnation. "Even the wicked deserves to be helped to show what they behave like. Your cousin is kind-hearted you say and she shall be helped by Frith. Frith doesn't answer all of my prayers but he shines over me as the sun. Prayers are answered,some prayers aren't,but you are always protected as the light of day helps you through difficult times."
The old rabbit hopped away and Rosie stared after him. What a wonderful rabbit he was;she had new faith for Donnie now.

"She did not say that! No!"
I could hardly believe what Rosie had told me;the incident with Larkspur judging Chestnut's nightmares as a mark of evil and unholiness.
"She didn't say it in front of him did she?"
"Thankfully not," explained Rosie. "I wonder if it's Aunt Elvira in that body?"
"That wouldn't be a first," I explained. "Many villains I had met here counter-parted the people in our world. Darklunn was Mr. Gorwood,Chillblack was Aunt Madeline and Elliott was Gooseberry - sort of. He's egotistical but not necessarily evil. But who next? The park warden? I mean how is this happening all the time? Horrible people counter-parting others here? In the beginning I just thought it was a coincidence but now I'm none too sure."
Though only in films and stories,I had seen these type of counter-parts of villains such as Miss Gulch from The Wizard of Oz counter-parting the Wicked Witch,the witch from Hansel and Gretel counter-parted by the Wicked Stepmother and Mr. Darling from Peter Pan counter-parting Captain Hook.
"Should we tell Fiver about what happened?" suggested Rosie. "What Larkspur said to Chestnut?"
"No," I said. "He'll be furious. We can't have war in this warren - since we have you,your sister,Jason and Michael. In all honesty it's Bigwig you can count on to begin a war. Never goes without a fight."
"That way! Now turn left!"
We heard Chestnut's voice outside and the next thing we knew,Dandelion had burst into the chamber with Chestnut on his back like a human on a horse.
"Babysitttin'," explained Dandelion before we could ask what was going on.
"Daddy's not feeling too well tonight,so Uncle Dandelion is looking after me tonight. I'm spending the night with him,Uncle Hawkbit and Sinkthia,"
"Cynth-ia," corrected Rosie smiling.
"Sorry," blushed Chestnut. "It's a difficult name?"
"What's wrong with Daddy?" asked Rosie. "Is it to do with his vis-"
I softly nudged her arm with my elbow. "He told us to say nothing,remember?" I said under my breath.
"His what?" asked Chestnut.
"Nothing," said Rosie. "I jumble up with what I say sometimes."
"Okay. Let's go,Uncle Dandelion."
He yanked his ears hard.
"Yeoww!" he cried. "They're the only ears I have!"
"Oops,sorry."
And they hopped away.
"I feel your pain,Dandelion," I said. "You got to hurt yourself to make the kids laugh."
At that point,Silverweed came in,looking serious than I had ever saw him.
"How is he,Silverweed?" I asked.
"Fiver's okay," replied Silverweed. "He's just having an early night. He told Carnation to be careful and for the others to make sure Chestnut will be okay after last night."
"Oh he will," I said. "He's with Dandelion. He'll be next in line as leader before he fails to make anyone laugh."
"However I got some inspiration from Carnation," said Rosie. "He said Frith opens his heart to anyone."
"And he does," said Silverweed.
"I have a little cousin back at home who has a mild form of bipolar and -"
"Bipolar?" asked Silverweed.
"A mental illness," said Rosie. "You go angry without controlling it. Aunt Elvira said it was blasphemy he was born with it and Larkspur said the same with Chestnut who cannot control his,yet they're both sweet and gentle and deserve happiness."
"And they will find happiness," said Silverweed putting a paw on her shoulder. "Frith will look after them,no matter what."
"Thank you for your comfort,Silverweed," said Rosie kindly. "You're very sweet."
Silverweed blushed and smiled (which he did best). He hopped out of the burrow and sighed happily at the thought of Frith taking care of them all when a paw grabbed him and was face-to-face with Larkspur's cold face.
"You think what you say is right,but I'm fair to ignorance and Frith ignores certain people."
"He brings happiness in his own way," said Silverweed. Looking into her eyes seemed to make the frost of winter cover find its way his heart. He was shuddering from how it felt.
"Chestnut and Donnie," said Larkspur. "They might be children,but that is what makes them blasphemous. They are children and therefore commit many sins from antics and mistakes. Pipkin is one for Frith to ignore as I've heard his tale of taking Fiver down to the forbidden orchard and nearly getting him killed."
"The badger was friendly," defended Silverweed. "Besides you were a child once."
"A perfect child," confessed Larkspur. "It's only my luck I was. The Valley of Fire is miles from me now. Youngsters are to be done away before they are older as it is when they grow,they are damned."
"I don't believe you," said the normally gullible Silverweed. "Frith loves all children good or bad - even if theu're special."
"Hm," scoffed Larkspur. "Brave buck. Takes a lot of courage to confess self-ignorance of systems that must be expected and done in the ways of serving Frith."
Hopping away,she continued. "One way or another you will learn that my words are right. Trust me,it is your own sorrow when justice is served towards your type - and your adoptive brother and his son."…..
I felt so much queasiness inside me with what we had just heard that rabbit say. I ran down to Blackberry's chamber like a child crying to his mother that he had a thorn in his paw. I rushed to the destination,accompanied by Rosie and Silverweed.
"Aunt Blackberry," I said worriedly. "Aunt Blackberry."
"What's the matter,dear," asked Blackberry as she put a paw over mine as I sat on my front.
"I'm sorry to run to you like this."
"Don't be," said Blackberry,"That's what I'm for. You can come running to me for any reason."
And I told her what I heard Larkspur say to Silverweed.
"Rubbish," said Blackberry. "Children are the most innocent creatures to grace this world."
And she looked at Leo II who was sleeping peacefully by her flank.
"M-my thoughts e-e-exactly," stammered Silverweed. He was ver brave to face a creepy rabbit like Larkspur but he had to let his inner-fear out in the end.
"I know it was silly of me to tell you all this,but when I need someone's reassurement I -"
"I understand. Larkspur talks toad warts. I don't know what she sees in her belief but I think it's horrific. I got into a trouble a few times on account of someone as a child but -"
"Aunt Blackberry!" I gasped. I looked under her chin to find three black gashes and I was thinking then of when she said she got into trouble a few times on account of someone.
"Where'd you get those gashes?" I demanded rage bubbling inside me. Who would hurt my gentle,beautiful rabbit aunt?
"Something between me and a relative a long time ago," explained Blackberry. She looked very uncomfortable and her eyes narrowed.
"We don't need to to talk about it," I said sensing her fear blurting out at any moment,but that didn't alter the fact of how angry I was at whoever had done that.
"Thank you," she said in a very relieving tone.
"Only saying this,but if anyone has hurt you,let me deal with them."
"You're a good nephew," she smiled. "Hello,Rosie."
"Hello,Blackberry," said Rosie. "I must say you're very beautiful."
"Why thank you," said Blackberry. "But think you process the rarest beauty our of anyone in the warren."
"She speaks the truth,Bagheera," I said.
"Bagheera?" asked Blackberry.
"The nickname I made for her."
"Is that a flower?"
"No," I said. I regret calling Rosie by her nickname because I then had to go through deep explanation subsequent to questions from Blackberry:Bagheera is a panther from a story called The Jungle Book,a panther is a jungle cat,a book is something stories are kept in and many other things.
"They don't know stuff we do," I explained to Rosie when she wondered Blackberry knew none of it,and I explained to her I had the same trouble when I first met Hazel;mentioning telephones and everything.
"Sorry to bring the subject back,but do you believe the same thing Larkspur believes?"
"Not me,not anyone," said Blackberry. "Frith made children to make this world even more beautiful."
"What a moving thing to say," gasped Rosie putting both paws over her heart.
"I speak the truth," said Blackberry winking at me,to which I laughed. "Even Ela-Rah had pity on the naughtiest child. Chestnut came to see me saying Dandelion's looking after him tonight. Why don't you both go and see him? he tells many stories which entrances all the kittens. You could ask him to tell it to you."
"We'll do that," I said. "Thanks,Aunt Blackberry. You always know what to say."
Leo II started to stir. We watched him with love when he suddenly opened his eyes. He had Campion's fierce brown eyes.
"Droops," said the baby.
"His first word," Rosie gasped.
"Droops," said Leo II again.
I remembered in my free time that I said to Leo II that I would call Jason 'Droops'.
"Jason's gonna murder me," I smiled.
After saying goodnight to Blackberry and the baby,me and Rosie hopped into Dandelion and Hawkbit's burrow. Chestnut was tickling Dandelion all over while Hawkbit lay in one corner,his ears blocked out of earshot.
"Remind to never be a parent," he grumbled. "No rest for the wicked."
"No rest for the grumpy more like," whispered Rosie. "He's as grumpy as Snow White's dwarf."
Hawkbit was a grey and scruffy rabbit with the grumpiest temper of anyone I had ever encountered.
Dandelion on the other hand,was a golden rabbit who was nearly as tall as Hazel and unlike Hawkbit,laughed at everything,though it didn't save him from being so ridiculously clumsy and accident-prone.
Sitting on Dandelion's chest,Chestnut wiggled his tongue at him.
"I beat you,Uncle Dandelion!" laughed Chestnut.
"When don't you beat me?" said Dandelion. "It's not fair that you always win."
"He's a child that's why," I said.
"Greetings,both," said Dandelion,Chestnut still holding him down. "What brings you here?"
"We were told you're gonna tell a story about forgiveness to children?" I said.
"That I am," said Dandelion. "Just waiting for Cinny."
"You mean Cynthia?" corrected Rosie.
"Her name is too long and hard to pronounce," said Chestnut finally hopping off Dandelion. "So we decided to call her 'Cinny' to avoid stress remembering it."
Rosie found it quite a fair reason as to why so many names are shortened. After all,her full name was 'Rosalind',Donnie's full name was 'Dominic' and my full name was 'Leonardo'. I agree that it's fine to have names shortened as I feel the whole name said could sometime prove unnecessary. Besides,Chestnut was only a toddler so a full complicated name for him to learn would be quite harsh at a young age. Imagine a toddler trying to pronounce 'Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious' for the first time.
"Where is she?" I asked.
"Here I am," said Cynthia appearing suddenly,a look of contentment in her face. "Daffodil and I were having a few more moments outside watching the stars. He's told me about an owl flying him across the sky and killing Man who destroyed Sandleford Warren. Isn't he heroic? Isn't he wonderful?"
A few of us smiled and nodded weakly.
"I'm sure he is," said Rosie trying to make things look optimistic. "Dandelion,I hear you are going to tell a story. May we listen?"
"More the merrier," accepted Dandelion as he sat on his bottom and Chestnut and Cynthia who each sat on one his laps.
"More the merrier indeed," said Daffodil form behind us.
"He didn't mean it that way," muttered Hawkbit.
Cynthia instantly hopped off Dandelion's lap up towards her buck and nuzzled into his arm,making Rosie queasier and queasier by the second. Chestnut on the other hand remained on his uncle's lap and snuggled up to his side malling himself comfortable ready for the story and also nibbled gently on Dandelion's ear which felt quite nice to the tall rabbit.
"Is is to do with redemption?" I asked.
"Coincidentally," said Dandelion,"it is."
Dandelion cleared his thought in a pretty dramatic way as if he had planned it. Then he began:
A time was once told of a chronicle redeeming shenanigans of the young. Lilypad was the example of Frith's redemption to the young. Out of all Ela-Rah's people,Lilypad was the naughtiest,craftiest,deceitful rabbit. He stole flayrah,cheated his kind,deceived them,hurt them and felt no pity. 
Ela-Rah,Prince Rainbow and Rabscuttle attempted effortlessly to reason with the troublemaker but to no prevail,making themselves victims to his mischief and tricks. They prayed to Firth for help to speak to the young buck and to redeem him from his possible black future.
One early evening,as Lilypad lay on a hill,his belly bloated with carrots,Frith came over the mountain and spoke:
"Lilypad,it is important you look inside your heart. For the mind is responsible for your antics yet your heart tells a different tale."
"I only have fun. What's wrong with that?"
"Fun and hurt are two different things. The bad often pay dearly for their past sins if not regretted."
Frith showed him what was to happen if he were to remain who he was;stealing,lying,murdering,setting the fox and the weasel on Ela-Rah's people killing Ela-Rah himself.
Lilypad took a time to think of what he was and who he was. A liar,a bully and everything bad. He was terrified with the visions show to him by Frith.
"Oh no! How will I change things?"
"The past sticks forever,but to carry on with the future and abandon the past as a new person,that brings you glory and happiness. A child like yourself is bound to cause this trouble because you are learning to grow up,but that is why I help you best as I can to see yourself for who you are;you are all my children and I wish to take you to my Meadow when your time comes to leave where you are."
From then on,Lilypad learned his lesson and fulfilled himself to do better deeds;helping,protecting,defending and living up to the expectations of Frith himself and was forever grateful for his warning persuading him to be a better rabbit than he ever was.
"What a wonderful story," commented Rosie.
"I'm so happy Lilypad got redeemed," remarked Silverweed,shedding a tear. Silverweed was a very sweet,feeling rabbit.
"Indeed," agreed Daffodil. "Did the best I could to live up to Frith's expectations and hardly made a single mistake as a buck like Lilypad did."
Soon,everyone was getting ready to sleep. Me and Rosie when to our chamber and Daffodil left Cynthia with the others,much to Rosie's relief. Hawkbit had fallen asleep in the middle of Dandelion's story. Dandelion climbed into his nest as Cynthia and Chestnut rested against his soft fur drifting them back and fore. Before Chestnut made himself comfortable,he hopped to his uncle and licked his cheek.
"Goodnight,Uncle Dandelion," he whispered.
"Get this porcupine off my rump," responded Dandelion in his sleep.
Chestnut made himself comfortable and feel asleep. Next thing Chestnut knew,he was in a dark chamber,surrounded by sickly looking kittens,so thin their skeletons were visible. Chestnut heard whispering in another chamber and went to investigate. In the chamber,was many dark looking rabbits gathered together and in the middle stood a small skinny rabbit just about Chestnut's size. And standing on-top of a platform was Great Aunt Larkspur.
"Caught sneaking in the private storage of the best flayrah and tracked down! Your blasphemy proves the mistake Frith himself has brought onto this Earth making children and not proper grown rabbits to respect the world of the expected rights. It is therefore my fairest duty to have you strangled by the Shining Wire until you are dead and may Frith be merciful enough to let you pass into his world."
Larkspur smiled importantly as the tiny anorexic kitten wailed for his mother who was in the next world waiting for him when his fate would come in a matter of minutes.
"The right sentence for him,Mistress," said a young rabbit who almost looked like Uncle Hazel except for a diagonal scar between his two eyes. "He was told specifically when taken here."
"Indeed," smiled Larkspur. "He needed to die anyway. Though just a toddler,he was bound to sin sooner or later. I ought to be thanked. It would be the Valley of Fire for him if he were to remain alive and cause more misery upon Frith himself."
Chestnut gasped and woke up,Hawkbit snoring and Dandelion occasionally murmuring in his sleep. Chestnut wasn't as disturbed by this nightmare as he was with the previous nightmare but he felt terribly sorry for the rabbit sentenced to death by Great Aunt Larkspur. He also at once felt terrible dreaming about Great Aunt Larkspur sentencing children to death by the Shining Wire. He knew his father wasn't there to comfort him tonight feeling cold from the dream but at least he had clumsy Uncle Dandelion for company. He snuggled back into his warm furry side that drifted him back and fore and tried to doze off thinking of the dream of Uncle Dandelion putting on a necklace and flying around uncontrollably and thinking of all the other funny stories he had heard such as trying to impress Aunt Bluebell but embarrassing himself.
He could see a silhouette in the dark by the entrance with cold blue eyes. He clamped his own eyes shut and buried his face deeply into Uncle Dandelion's fur forcing himself to believe that it was only a shadow. He slowly looked back to find it was gone. He might have been right thinking it was a dream or a shadow but was not fully convinced. He hooped up to Uncle Dandelion and squeezed himself under his chest. He felt much safer now and his uncle's sleep-talking kept hime entertained such as;
"Mu breath smells of roses when I belch."
"Yes my tail's an acorn."
"I've put weight on,Bigwig. Gimme time to catch up."
Still the nightmare haunted his mind,but his uncle's sleep-talking humour seemed to simmer it down. He would see his father tomorrow so he will at least have someone to hold onto for company.RICHARD ADAMSMay 9th 1920 - December 24th 2016My heart a joined the thousand,for my friend stopped running today.Many thanks and so much gratitude to the wonderful man who created the wonderful novel subsequent to the film,the TV series and the 2017 remake. I also wish to thank him for the inspiration he had put into me to write these FanFiction series.

"A red carrot?"
"A delicious one too."
"I'm going in."
Michael had just convinced Bigwig that Farmer Nuthanger had grown a new tiny carrot which was actually a red pepper. Normally Michael would act as me introducing rabbits to things we humans know but as they were not the best of friends,Bigwig had tragically made a victim of himself to Michael's pranks. Bigwig had woken up Michael and Blackavar for a spare task to make up for the incident with Duster and Michael's "interference". Michael and Blackavar were on very good terms with one another,seeing as they were both confident and disliked Bigwig as much as each other and Blackavar admired Michael well for his skills and pranks.
Before I carry on,you might want to know how Michael started his pranks in the first place:his mother died giving birth to him so he had been living with his father ever since. His father was a Primary school PE Teacher and he had a brother who also taught PE in Comprehensive. That teacher was Mr. Ridd Growlark - he was a terrible bully. He even taught me and Rosie. Michael was at a different school then,but his personality was of good reason as to why. He was very abusive to Michael though he didn't necessarily hit him as such;he just despised and hated him. Michael's father allowed him to stay with them because he had no home and he was very intimidating so Michael's father,being the younger brother,allowed him to have his way. Michael was taught by his father to fight and signed him up for different Marital Arts classes. But in the end,he felt fighting back wasn't enough. He felt his uncle deserved some humiliation. Michael was already a popular YouTuber at the the time while writing his songs and posting his artwork and spending time with his younger cousins. When Michael decided he wanted more for his uncle,he brewed his mind up for a series of hysterical pranks which had earned him many views. Here are eight pranks for example:
Vodka Soap:Michael had mixed some soapy water with his uncle's vodka bottle so when he drank it,he belched with huge bubbles floating to the ceiling.
Hand-Me-Ups:Michael had burned all of his uncle's clothes and he had nothing to wear but Michael's old clothes from when he was nine.
Daddy Issues:Michael's uncle got so drunk he messed about on the internet. Michael convinced him that he had adopted a child online and a child appeared on the doorstep. The child was actually a little cousin of one of his friends.
Pants Rash:Michael got up early to sprinkle some hot powder into his uncle's pants from his pile of clothes he had sorted for the new school day. So when he started his morning session,he started burning on the backside and itching. He danced around like a penguin and everyone laughed their heads off.
Antarctic Ridd:It was snowing and Michael heard that he made the first years jog in the snow. So he got home before him and locked all of the doors. After fifteen minutes,he climbed through the window as a snowman.
Dancing on Soap:Michael's uncle hadn't washed his feet for days so he superglued one bar of soap under each foot of his uncle's so when he woke up,he kept slipping all over the place.
Grounded:On the final day of school before breaking up for summer,Michael decided to treat the young ones by keeping his uncle in the house all day;last night he had superglued the door-nut right on time when his uncle was getting ready for bed and he was stuck in his room all day long.
'Priceless' Arrest:Michael's uncle normally spent money on beer and cigarettes and often pinched Michael's father's money,so he forged a twenty pound note to give to his uncle and when he was at the check-out,the police were called on him.
All these pranks were filmed and he was praised deservingly for them. Even everyone at school kept quiet about the videos. Every video ended with his uncle chasing him but failing to catch him,which was why Michael's YouTube name was 'SonicDawnrah'.
Michael watched Bigwig eating the pepper,wishing he had his camera with him. He watched Bigwig's eyes widen and his face redden.
"FRITH ABOVE!" the lion head rabbit thundered.
He dashed from the farm and toward a nearby pond,Blackavar and Michael laughing hysterically at how well the prank worked. They followed Bigwig who had his head dunked in the water until he eventually rose his head up,gasping and panting but his face was still red and his eyes were watering.
"What's the meaning of this!" he rasped. He couldn't yell as to how hot the taste was.
"I forgot to tell you that those type of carrots can be hot," said Michael.
"Look how red I am!"
"Well you're obviously going to be red,being angry all the time," punned Michael,to which Blackavar burst out laughing.
"Back on patrol! Now!" Bigwig ordered as he went his way.
Throughout the patrol,Michael and Blackavar couldn't stop laughing. Ever since they had saved each other from Duster,they had been very good friends. Blackavar showed great interest with Michael's life as Michael did with Blackavar's. He even asked Blackavar to show him some tips of skills which he also practically learned instantly as Bigwig challenging him that day. There almost wasn't a training session in which Michael was taken down.
As they were laughing,they noticed a black truck passing by and going to the meadows.
"I got an eerie feeling about that," said Michael.
"Me too," said Blackavar. "My teachers at Sun-Lagoon told me about those type of hurudadus"
"Huruda-what?"
"Hurudadu. It's what what we call those things."
"Ah. Where I come from,we call them trucks."
"Anyway,they say that black means something maybe coming our way. Like the Black Rabbit of Inle in another form."
"Who's the Black Rabbit of Inle?"
"The spirit of death. We need to inform Bigwig and tell the others."
Michael believed to be a simple superstition the truck's colour,but he decided that Blackavar might be right.
Chestnut woke up under Uncle Dandelion who was still snoring on. It was a bright morning judging by the sound of singing birds. He lay there for a minute or two to remember what was bothering him;the dream from last night,but even more,the blue eyes of the someone outside the burrow. He forced himself out of the warm blanket of Uncle Dandelion off to find his father. He charged out only to run headfirst into Uncle Hazel.
"The sun's not going anywhere,Chestnut," chuckled Hazel. "Why the rush?"
"Sorry,Uncle Hazel," said Chestnut hopping of his chest and resuming his rush. "I need to find Daddy."
When he got to his chambers,his mother was outside.
"Is Daddy okay to see me,Mama?"
"He should be fine,peach," said Snowflake.
Chestnut rushed in to find his father lying down peacefully. He hopped up up to him and gave him a soft tickle on his face. He laughed and woke up.
"Good morning,Daddy," said Chestnut licking his nose.
"Good morning,Prince Winter," yawned Fiver,so happy to see his little child. "Did you sleep well?"
"Uncle Dandelion kept talking in his sleep," Chestnut laughed.
"That's new on me," laughed Fiver sitting up with Chestnut jumping onto his lap.
"So what was wrong with you,Daddy?"
"Daddy just had a little breakdown," said Fiver. "Nothing to worry about,it doesn't happen very often."
Fiver still thought it was for the best that his child did not know about his seeing the future as he believed it would strain their relationship and frighten Chestnut away from him.
"Daddy?"
"Yes,Prince Winter?"
"I had another bad dream."
And he told his father about the gloomy chamber,the skinny kitten and Great Aunt Larkspur sentencing it to death.
"How do you keep having nightmares?"
"I don't know," said Chestnut worriedly. "And I think I was still dreaming but when I woke up,I looked to see someone with blue eyes."
At that moment,in I came with Rosie to check on Fiver.
"Good morning,Fiver," I greeted. "How are you? That was one nasty vis-"
Fiver shook his head viciously,pointing his right ear in Chestnut's position,reminding me not to say anything to him.
"What's a vish?" asked Chestnut.
"It's erm,a name I call dreams,"I covered up. "I like to make up words sometimes you see,Chestnut."
"I had two nasty dreams myself," said Chestnut dropping off his father's lap. "My first one was the scariest."
"We've heard about it," said Rosie. "Your poor thing. At least it was all fantasy."
"HELP! HELP!"
We heard Hannah screaming into the warren. She was really thought for a mouse I thought to myself.
We all rushed out to the honeycomb.
"What's wrong,Hannah?" said Hazel.
"Carnation!" panted the mouse. "Shining Wire! He was out for some morning air and I heard him scream!"
"Let's go!" gasped Hazel.
Me,Hazel,Hawkbit,Dandelion,Bigwig,Fiver and Strawberry charged after Hannah leading the way,Daffodil bringing up the rear.
"Save him in a flash,Daffodil!" I could hear Cynthia call from the warren.
We charged down to an opening road,crossed it and jumped into a hedge where we saw Carnation being strangled violently by a Shining Wire.
"Dig!" shouted Hazel.
We all dug away as though we were trying to hide ourselves from a wolf. We dug until we found the piece of wood holding the snare down. We released it and turned to its victim - his eyes closed.
"Carnation? Carnation! Wake up!" I cried. "Wake up please!"
He couldn't be gone,no. He was the most wonderful,kindest buck me and Rosie had ever met.
"No," I croaked.
Fiver shed a tear.
The Owsla and Bigwig stood together distraught.
"O' Lord Frith," Hazel began to pray. "My heart has joined a thousand,for my friend stopped running today."
No one said a word for the whole hour after we had given them the news about Carnation's tragedy. Even Michael and Blackavar were shocked to be too late,Bigwig scolding them for not being quick enough,but Michael bravely fought back saying that time is cruel in its ways and they were desperate to tell everyone before anything like this would occur. Rosie was in tears for a long time,as Carnation reminded her so much of her grandfather who had passed away just two years ago. Blackberry's female baby Roseberry held onto Fiver,her favourite uncle,for the entire hour sobbing and Pipkin's group sat together in sadness over the loss of their beloved friend. One rabbit seemed shocked and wide-eyed throughout the hour;Chestnut kept in his burrow and said nothing at all but tears streamed from his eyes. He wouldn't go to his father.
Chestnut stayed in his burrow for a whole hour his insides aching with guilt as though he had swallowed fire which had roasted him all up. Carnation,dead. Just like the dream he had. His father said it was all in his head and it would all be a coincidence if anything like that occurred,but now he was none too sure. He must be evil to dream something like that and make it come true.
"I'm sorry,Carnation," sobbed Chestnut. "I'm sorry,Daddy. I don't mean to be wicked."
"Why do you sob so,young one?" said a voice suddenly.
Sniffing,Chestnut looked up to see his Great Aunt Larkspur.
"C-Carnation's dead b-b-because of me," he explained. "I had a dream ab-ab-about him d-dying and now it has c-c-c-c-come t-t-true!"
Larkspur looked at him with deep seriousness.
"Murder from a child," said Larkspur.
"I didn't mean it!" wailed Chestnut.
"I know you did not," said Larkspur frowning,"but you still took away his tomorrow. You ought to be in the Valley of Fire for this."
"No! No!" cried Chestnut,remembering the most frightening part of his nightmare. "I don't want to go there!"
"Then you must leave," said Larkspur. "Sinners must flee to avoid eternal damnation like your dream which is likely to come true."
Chestnut got up and fled out of the waren,down the hill and into the forest where night was falling.
Maybe he was having superstitions or creating more death dreams because he saw so many things in his escapade form the Valley of Fire;Pipkin being attacked by a weasel,Uncle Bigwig being strangled by the Shining Wire,Uncle Hazel being shot,Uncle Hazle and Aunt Primrose drowning in a rapid river,Uncle Campion being crushed by a pile of boulders,Aunt Blackberry about to be chopped to pieces by something sharp and closed together,a rabbit holding her down,Uncle Leo being attacked by a ferocious rabbit trying to slash him and his father being scratched to death by a huge,handsome but dangerous looking rabbit.
"I'm sorry,everyone!" he sobbed. "I'm sorry!"
He didn't look where he was running and he ran headfirst into a wall. He slowly sunk into a deep sleep but not before hearing what sounded like Carnation screaming.I know it was some time but I feel the need to pay my respect.My heart has joined a thousand,for my friend has stopped running todayRIP John Hurt,the voice of Hazel in the 1978 film and General Woundwort in the 1999 television series.And I shall always remember him as Mr. Ollivander from the Harry Potter series.1940 - 2017

Fiver was frantic all night,Snowflake was in tears;Chestnut was nowhere to be found. Everyone searched,even the Owsla went on night patrol in search for the missing kitten but to no prevail. Hannah and Skree soared above for a chance to see if they could seek him out but of course,it was too dark. Gillia,Snowdrop,Mallow and Raspberry wanted to venture forth to see if they could find him but they were stopped as they needed to be older for the likely reasons of being alone at night. Pipkin,Loganberry,Acorn,Tulip and Pollen searched Nuthanger's Farm which was proven fruitless when Pollen hit his head against a tree and cursed out loud waking Duster up and barking at them,scaring the group away. What most of us also noticed was that there was no sign of Larkspur either. Eventually,I followed Fiver to a tree down in the orchard.
"Where are we going?" I asked quietly so not to wake up any owls or to catch the attention of a fox or wolf that might be passing by.
"We're going to see Bark," replied Fiver. "But I'm hoping to keep it short. Bark?" he called sticking his face into a hole in the tree. "Are you home?"
A second later,a huge shadow emerged form the hole and a huge badger stood over us. She looked down at us and smiled.
"Fiver! Friend!"
She picked him up and hugged him,strangling him. I laughed a little at this. Now I understood what Fiver meant by hoping to keep it short.
"It's good to see you too,Bark!" gasped Fiver. "Can't breathe!"
Bark set him him free but held him like a child holding a beloved doll or puppy.
Getting air back into his lungs,Fiver asked if she had seen a little kitten that looked like his big brother pass by.
Bark looked troubled.
"Bark thought she was only dreaming. Bark opened one eye to see baby rabbit running away and tall dark brown rabbit saying,"Chestnut now mine."
"Larkspur!" me and Fiver both cried.
Bark,who was holding Fiver,was so startled at this she accidentally dropped Fiver,making him land on me.
"Sorry," grunted Fiver getting off me.
"Don't worry," I coughed.
"Thank you,Bark," said Fiver. "We need to head home now. You've been very helpful."
"Come visit soon," regarded Bark,and she walked back into her den.
"I knew there was something suspicious about Larkspur!" I proclaimed. "All this talk she had on her about Frith being unforgiving and ignoring and now - come to think of it,I reckon she heard of Chestnut's beliefs with these dreams of his coming true and she blamed him for Carnation's death. Now she has taken him away. What was your vision again? Two members of a family tree?"
"An elder left and siblings three."
"Larkspur!" I said. "Larkspur is the elder of your remaining family tree. And you and Hazel have three other brothers. 'Reunion comes and blood shall spill,loved one flees from guilt and chill'. Carnation died and Chestnut ran away thinking it was his fault. He must have also ran away with the belief that he would fall into the Valley of Fire like in his dream lest it would happen."
"'Journey for us lies ahead'," continued Fiver. "'Joined together finds us dead. Life shall stay for groups of three,to set the many victims free'. We must go on a journey to find Chestnut but in groups of three to stay alive. We will also find Chestnut with other victims who are imprisoned I believe."
"We need to tell this to Hazel," I decided.
"Let's go," agreed Fiver,and we hopped back to the down.
We hopped back up to the hill but when we reached the top,Fiver just stood there.
I looked back to seem with a pained expression on his face.
"We'll find him,Fiver," I comforted.
But Fiver started to cry painfully,huge tears soaking the grass.
"I can't live without him," he sobbed. "I need to see him again. I need to to bring him home."
"An you well fine him," I assured him as I hopped up to him and hugged him. "Me and you,all who will join us,we will find Chestnut. Have faith - for him. He depends on you,Fiver. He's probably waiting for you right now. I know he ran way for his life but deep down I'm sure he needs you."
We all gathered into the Honeycomb. It took a bit of time to decide what groups would come but we got there;
The first group:Me,Rosie,Pipkin,Strawberry,Campion and Cynthia - who wanted Daffodil to come with her.
I decided it would well like that because although I had only been here two times and only managed to escape a dangerous order two times,I felt they would be safe with me being more experienced and plus,having Strawberry with us would be greta help,as he was a more dedicated member of the Owsla than Hawkbit and Dandelion put together. Then there was Pipkin who was maturing real well with his skills and being leader of the Junior Owsla. Strawberry could use a helping hand,and then Campion was definitely worth having as he was strong,brave and not afraid of any challenge for as far as I have known him. Rosie was reluctant about Daffodil tagging with them for the fear of her sister's wellbeing,but Strawberry decided he should come with the hopes to get something out of him from all these tales he had told them all.
The second group:Fiver,Hazel,Bigwig,Spartina,Silverweed and Campion.
I felt it fitted together well as they were all professional fighters and could work well together without worrying about the weak.
The third group:Michael,Blackavar,Hawkbit,Dandelion,Loganberry,Acorn,Tulip and Pollen.
I thought they went well together being an Owsla and Michael being there with his talent besides the gloating Loganberry.
"We will leave in the morning," announced Hazel. "We will find Chestnut,Fiver. Don't worry."
"If anyone's hurt him," said Fiver viciously,"I will blind them so deep,they won't see the Black Rabbit coming for them."
"Suppose you got killed first?" sneered Hawkbit. "Being a runt and all. I think it's easier said than done. Good luck on your own."
"Why do you think I became a full-time member of the Owsla in the first place?" said Fiver in sharp annoyance.
"Well let's look at the facts," said Hawkbit. "Me and Bigwig saved Pipkin from the weasel,Hazel fought Woundwort,Silverweed saved Watership Down,Blackberry stayed in Darkhaven for Campion,while you mainly just stay to give the future warnings. Chestnut couldn't possibly rely on a runt for a father,no offence."
No offence or not,Hawkbit had said the wrong thing;Fiver had pounced on Hawkbit taking him to the floor and there Fiver was;standing on Hawkbit chest,his face down on his and,unexpected of him being such a gentle-minded rabbit,screamed at him.
"A RUNTY BODY NEVER STOPS ONE FROM BEING DARING! I AM A FATHER AND YOU SAY I WOULDN'T STAND A CHANCE? YOU SPEND MOST OF YOUR DAYS GRIPING ABOUT THE GLORIOUS SUMMER DAYS,THE KITTENS FROLICKING AROUND THE WARREN AND THE BUTTERFLIES ON EVERY FLOWER YOU ARE ABOUT TO NIBBLE ON,WHILE I INFORM YOU ALL OF THE HORRORS AND HAVE BEEN THROUGH DEATH-DEFYING EXPERIENCES MANAGING TO ESCAPE OUT OF LUCK! WHO SENSED THE DESTRUCTION OF SANDLEFORD?! WHO SENSED THAT CAMPION AND WOUNDWORT WERE STILL ALIVE?! WHO SENSED YOU GETTING KILLED IN THE DESTRUCTION OF REDSTONE?! WHO SENSED THE CHALLENGES LEO HAD TO FACE TO UNLOCK THE POWER OF THE NECKLACE OF WISDOM?! WHO PROTECTED HIM FROM DARKLUNN?! WHO SURVIVED CHILLBLACK'S POSION?! WHO CONFRONTED GOOSEBERRY?! ME! FIVER THE RUNT! FIVER THE SEER! I ADMIT I HAD HELP THROUGH MOST OF THEM BUT WHAT MAKES UP FOR ALL OF THESE ORDEALS IS THE FACT THAT I HAVE THE MOST BEAUTIFUL DOE TO GRACE THIS PLANET AND FRITH HAD BLESSED US BOTH WITH THE MOST BEAUTIFUL BABY YOU COULD EVER IMAGINE! I AM NOT GETTING HIM BACK WITHOUT A FIGHT! MAYBE WITH HELP,MAYBE NOT,BUT BEING A FATHER,YOU HAVE TO BE PREPARED FOR A SLOG OF RESPONSIBILITIES! YOU MIGHT EXPERIENCE THAT YOURSELF ONE DAY,SO YOU'D BETTER WISE UP WITH YOUR WORDS BECAUSE I HAVE MORE INTELLIGENCE OF PARENTAGE THAN YOU EVER HAVE!"
We all stood at the whole scene;mouths open. This was the first time I had ever seen Fiver so angry.
Where did he get those lungs? I thought to myself.
He breathed heavily and got off Hawkbit who had seemed shaken by the sudden tell-off he had been given. I was pleased to see him shaking all over from Fiver's rant after many times of berating him,plus being smaller than Hawkbit but was still in shock.
"Let's get some rest then," said Hazel after a very long pause. "I'll take care of him."
As Hazel placed a paw on Fiver's shoulder,we hopped away.
Fiver clinged onto Hazel sobbing his heart out into his chest,the exact same way he did when he had doubts on having a doe due to being a runt.
"Shh,shh," comforted Hazel.
"I need to do this!" sobbed Fiver. "Runt or not! I need to brave my way into the dark for Chestnut's sake."
"I know,I know," said Hazel. "But I will help you because you are my brother. Remember that promise we made for each other? We will go together. I nearly lost you last time and I am going to stick with you for good to ensure that this does not happen again."
"It wasn't your fault,Hazel," sniffed Fiver still pressing his head into Hazel's chest. "Chillblack found her way into my mind and played everything up. But it was my fault also,I suffered silently from Gooseberry's bullying. If I had told him,you would have banished him and all would have been happy."
"I know,Fiver," said Hazel stroking his head.
"I didn't mean to say i had more intelligent of parentage," sobbed Fiver. "I know you have more intelligent but-"
"I understand,I understand," said Hazel who was drying his brother's tears with his ears. "You were angry."
"Also,I saw nothing about Larkspur being part of this. What she had - she had-"
"She wouldn't," said Hazel. "She's weak. We protect what we love. Chestnut will be alright when we find him.
"You're right," Fiver sniffed,trying to swallow some faith and confidence. "I will not rest until I feel Chestnut nibbling my ears and resting on top of me again."
"You are on dedicated father,little brother," said Hazel proudly.
"What was Father like? Did Mother tell you?"
Hazel looked a little pained. He looked as if he never wanted ask that type of question.
"Perhaps we should go outside for a bit," suggested Hazel.
They hopped outside the tree and rested against the trunk.
"Just so I feel easy telling it to you," added Hazel. "Because I never knew Father but from what Mother had told me,it's a really sad tale."
Fiver was ready to listen as Hazel began the tragic tale.
"Mother met father in a glade close to the hill where we were both born. Mother said it was the happiest day of her life for she knew that he was meant for her. Though I didn't get to see him in person,Mother said I had his body and when you were born,she said you had his eyes. She told me what a heroic rabbit he was;winning every fight to the death,helping the meek inhere the Earth and bravely fought his way though a lonely childhood,parents. Dark times around becoming each there's mate for there was a demon unseen by anyone but the victim it chose. Some sort of rabbit Mother believed it was. Mother was carrying me during the tragedy,this monster appeared and attacked her. Mother told me it had red blood eyes and a pointed buck tooth like a golden thorn. Father fought against him but it plunged his tooth straight into his heart. Mother watched in shock as it jumped for her but an owl caught it and brought it up into the air. It broke free from the owl and collapsed. Mother seemed to think the monster was dead and some humans shortly took it away. Nothing was heard from it since."
Fiver lay there in silence letting the magic heroic story of his father sync into his mind.
"You've got Father's courage," said Hazel. "Chestnut is lucky for it. Death might be immortal,but so is inheritance of one."
…..
"Don't cry,Silverweed," I comforted. "Please don't. We are all going to split together to find him."
"But it's horrible," sobbed Silverweed. "Poor little Chestnut out there all alone,taken by Larkspur. What if she does something to him? I never liked her. The way she spoke to me about children being unforgiven for sins. She spooked me well."
"Don't let it bother you,Silverweed," consoled Rosie giving a little kiss on the head. "We will find him."
Silverweed came into our burrow for comfort because it was just too much for him,he really loved the little baby. Silverweed was a very sweet rabbit,but had a very dark past. I had been told he had died to save the warren,but Fiver revived him with our share of something known as the Necklace of Wisdom,a trinket that will grant you what you want if you can unlock three souvenirs that come from the soul;Selflessness,Friendship and Love. I unlocked all three,the third with a lot of help from Fiver.
After a few more words to make him feel better,me and Rosie looked at each other.
"I'm sorry,Rosie."
"Sorry for what,Lolly?"
"With Darklunn,Chillblack and Gooseberry gone,I thought there was finally peace,but apparently not."
"There's no need to be sorry," said Rosie. "Really. Life has its ups and downs. Ever since you told me about this place last summer,that was all I had in my mind all year. All my life I had been on stage,falling down a rabbit hole into Wonderland,blown away to the Land of Oz,dancing with a frightening beast,married a man with six brothers,singing with a boy who was part of a different race and dying for the sake of an orphan boy. I love the stage with all my heart but I wanted more. I wanted adventure;I wanted somewhere new to experience. All those things I read from Roald Dahl,Enid Blyton,J.K. Rowling and Michael Morpurgo inspired me to find adventure and who should be my map to it but you,Leo Barning. I cannot thank you enough to help me find a way into what I want. Here I am,living in the dream I have wanted since I was thirteen. I see this darkness as a journey towards excitement despite the seriousness which I respect. But as I say,Leo;you granted my wish. You make your desires because you want them bad;not with the help of some Birthday cake,but a star can also lead to your desires."
She smiled and gave me a sweet,gentle kiss on the nose to which I returned the same.
At that moment,Fiver appeared.
"Leo?"
He had a look of shame about him.
"What's wrong,Fiver?" I asked.
"I-I'm sorry I screamed in front of you."
"He had it coming," I responded. "Hawkbit's not a father. Chestnut is really lucky to have you for one."
"I just had so much to let out. You don't know what a father's pain feels like."
"I don't," I agreed,"but I might one of these days. Just get some sleep now,Fiver. You need it."
"I'm glad you are my brother in this universe," smiled Fiver.
"That's better," I commented. "We're mores used to seeing you smile."
As Fiver hopped into his burrow,he saw Snowflake sobbing.
"Don't cry,Snowflake," said Fiver. "I will find him and bring him home,I promise."
He couldn't really promise it but he always tried to keep faith inside him.
"But where is he?" sobbed Snowflake. "Out there all alone with Larkspur. I never liked her,that creepy doe."
"Neither have I," Fiver confessed. "I always feel cold whenever I'm with her and Silverweed himself said the same thing in his experiences."
"I'm so ashamed to stay behind," said Snowflake who was finally drying her eyes. "I'm such a coward."
"You are not," said Fiver. "It's a brave thing to do,staying home and praying. You can also stay home so if he did find his way home. I want you to hide behind me always,Snowflake. I will protect you and Chestnut from any elil that crosses our path. Even if I had to face someone like Gooseberry again,I will fight him for you both. I love you and Chestnut with all my heart I will fight any battle for you both. Never call yourself a coward again because you are not. You even stood up to Gooseberry when you scratched him in the face. Never let yourself down to your achievements."
"I love you,Fiver.""I love you too,Snowflake. Get some sleep now and you will rest your mind easily."
They both nuzzled and huddled together for the night as it lasted. A dark day it has been,losing Carnation and to lose Chestnut along with the further dark events,Fiver only hoped that no vision would come to his mind tonight. He felt that as long as he had no visions,then there is a good chance that Chestnut might be safe.
