Black are three of my paws,with my main fur being grey. White is my right front paw,muzzle,
chest and tail. A black stripe adorns my back,and my ears fade to black as bright day fades
to dark night.
My name is Leo and I am a rabbit,like any other.Like any other? Well,maybe.
My story begins in "Efrafa". This is where I deny my life;I was brought here after I awoke on their territory with no memory. They interrogated me,they demanded I tell them who I was,and where my home warren was. But I did not have an answer for them;I did not remember my past. None of what happened was clear to me. With time this veil of confusion will lift,but until then,dangerous affairs cloud my future from clear sight. Yet as I see it,there is good that awaits me in this gloomy and dreary place;for now,this is my life,and I will live it.
For more than ten years now,I have wanted to convey this story to someone,somewhere,and this is the time to do such a thing. I hope to catch your interest.
This is my story,This is my life,Leo -rah

"[Everything is a mystery,and the key to this mystery is another mystery.]"-Ralph Waldo Emerson
Relentlessly,the ringing in my ears blared,which made clear thoughts impossible. Bird songs reached my ears as the ringing began to fade,and I began to feel my body again. It felt crushed,struck down. A gust of wind rushed up behind me,gently ruffling my fur. My head hurt ferociously,but by then the noise had gone,and I finally seemed to be present in the moment. My eyes were still closed. My hind legs were splayed out behind me,though as I regained myself,I pulled them in. It felt like laying on a meadow.
I slowly felt the cold and slightly damp grass on my belly. A heavy weight rested on my eyelids,and I fought it,managing to raise them for a moment. A large meadow moved in the wind,the grass in front of me caressed gently by the breeze. I was surrounded by tall grass. I looked down and saw before me two forefeet. These are mine;the left one is black,the right is white. I had to smile a bit as I saw these things so familiar to me,remembering me.
With time,some strength returned to my muscles,and I mustered the strength to move my forelegs. I began to stroke some blades of grass. I could move my hind legs,albeit timidly. I swallowed once,pulled myself together and heaved my weight onto them. This was,however,too much for my feeble paws and I fell back onto my front paws. Undeterred,I tried again to stand up;although I was still somewhat dazed,I slowly rose until upright. My gaze wandered as I took in my surroundings with all senses. Fresh,but slightly humid air entered my nose,and all around was only meadow,except to my right,to which lay a deep forest. A distant storm on the horizon rumbled quietly,and the wind seemed to be carrying it directly towards me. Without a second thought,I entered the forest,as not to get caught in the open during a storm.
I observed the air to be distinctly humid now,as I cautiously approached a clear and shallow creek. My mouth was dry,as if I had not drunk anything for several days;I took a few sips of the cool water with my tongue. In the reflection,I saw my face for the first time. I quit drinking,and examined my reflection. The tip of my snout was white,my ears grey up until the black tips. I stepped a bit into the water and inspected the rest of my body when suddenly I was torn from my thoughts. A rustling,on the other side of the creek,from somewhere within the bushes. They were still moving.Too small for Elil... another rabbit?
Cautiously,I crossed the creek and stepped into the bushes. Yes,another rabbit must have been right here,as the smell was too fresh and too strong for any scepticism. I followed the trail of scent that lead me to a small clearing. Frith's rays blinded me as I stepped out of the thicket of the forest,and when I moved to the shade and I could focus better,I saw before me another rabbit:a black marli with a white pallor on her head.I wasn't too sure of the tracks I had followed:Who was this rabbit? Have I ever been here before?Suddenly,the most terrible of the previous questions came shooting to mind:Who am I? I could recall nothing,nothing at all.I swallowed again. The black rabbit breaked the silence by clomping on the ground,tearing me from my panic. She was nodding to me;a gesture I take as an invitation to approach. I regain myself and approach the Marli. Wordlessly,I sat down in front of her,looking into her eyes."Are you a stranger?" she asked in an almost child like voice,watching me with a penetrating gaze."Well..." I timidly began. I looked away,only to look back and see her retort."I do not know you,so I would say:yes. We are strangers to each other." she concluded. I smiled at her.
"Outsider!" A strong,deep voice interrupted our interaction.A grey rabbit with light markings on his face sprang out from the bush behind the black Marli,headed straight towards me. He jumped on me,threw me down,and pushed me into the ground with his front paws. The weight of this strong buck kept me pressed to the ground."In the name of Efrafa,you're under arrest,stranger." he said down to me,in a serious and righteous tone,his face on distance to mine.His weight was still firmly on my chest,which made breathing rather difficult. I didn't quite understand;Efrafa? Arrested? I should never have followed those tracks,although at least I didn't meet any Elil.
I wanted no trouble from this group,so I assured them:"No need to worry," I said in a hoarse voice. The grey rabbit's piercing stare was interrupted by a rustling in the bush,where more rabbits emerged. These hardened and tough rabbits around me make a clear impression;they're trained owsla. I suppose I must be near a strange warren for this kind of owsla to show up.
"Who are you? Why are you arresting me?" I asked the group of now six rabbits. The black Marli bends down,bringing her face close to mine and responds,ever so monotone:"I am Black,and you have found yourself on Efrafan territory:our territory. Bad timing,maggot."I had no time to respond,as the grey rabbit turned to me,saying:"We're escorting you to Efrafa,now. There,you will learn everything else. Don't make any trouble,clear? Come!" He shouted at me.He lifted off me,letting me free from his pin. As soon as I was back on my feet I was rudely pushed from behind to get moving. The group began to move and I followed without question.
We walked through the woods,giving me a chance to look to the sky and see the storm's progress toward us. The branches in the treetops danced wildly,and the rumble of thunder was louder,though still partially drowned in the tree's rustlings. I learned that the grey rabbit was called Captain Moss,as he was thanked by name in conversation about the black marli's work.The general will be impressed,he said while running,probably referring to my ordeal.We walked out of the dense forest,crossing a bridge held by two rabbits at sentry duty,as we arrived.
A huge fallen oak tree whose roots had became entangled in the world formed the focus of the warren. "We're here," noted one of the bucks behind me.We descended into a pit and waited in front of the entrance of a hole while the grey rabbit and the black marli entered.I used the moment to distract myself again. Questions were eating away at me;what happens now? I looked around again and saw a group of rabbits who were out eating. All seemed to hop very timidly,with downcast eyes and droopy ears."Are these also prisoners of your warren?" I asked one of the Owslas,standing next to me. He laughed briefly then shook his head timidly. I sighed. "This isn't good," I whispered to myself.I looked up,out of the pit,and noted two figures on one of the higher of the roots. Two rabbits. One looked at me with a serious expression. The rabbit had interesting colouring:black coat and brown paws and chest. The other rabbit continued to talk to him even as he looked towards me.
"Come in! March!" The grey rabbit shouted from within the hole they had just entered.I look up once more,as an icy gust of wind rushed through my fur. The storm was here. I swallowed and moved into the dark,with Moss overlooking us. We enter a large chamber,illuminated dimly by the light of day reaching in. However,the air seemed more humid with every step,and sometimes a bit musty. A little disturbing.
The grey rabbit leading me stopped in the middle of this vast hall,along with the two Owsla escorts to my left and right. "The prisoner,General," he began. I followed his gaze up to the high level platform whereon sat a large,vigorous rabbit. Black pattern,with light chest. The very sight of him struck fear in my heart,for he was no less than twice as tall as I was. Almost like a hare! He must be the warren's top rabbit. From the expressions on the faces of the other rabbits,probably top Owsla as well. I was impressed by the control and vehemence he inspired in these rabbits without fuss. I sat on my hind legs,and awaited whatever came next.
"Prisoner," he began,"you know why you're here,right?" he asked,with a serious expression and a slight growl in his voice."I'm sorry,I don't," I replied. "I awoke in the meadow,followed the smell of rabbits,and was caught and then brought here. Efrafa,right? I I " I stammered," I don't even know who I am. I know... nothing."His imposing appearance caused me great uneasiness. The chief rabbit's growl grew louder and more aggressive."Do not take me for a fool! Who are you?" he bellowed.His words echoed off the walls,and a blindingly bright flash ran across my mind. "Leo!" shouted a desperate voice,roaring violently in my head as if it were about to burst.I held my head and collapsed to the ground,hoping to silence the overwhelming realization flooding to mind."L Leo," I whimper softly,"Leo... is my name." Whispering manifests itself and penetrates my ears. Only then did I realize a ring of figures in the shadows,gazing towards me. Towards us. It only reinforced the oppressive mood. I sat down again and looked up."Leo?" asked the Chief Rabbit,to which I nod. "Very well" he said,pleased."You sure belong to the group of rabbits which was recently here,yes? I demand you tell me the location of your warren,tell me immediately!" His voice thundered.It was silent in the warren now,not a sound could be heard spare the faint rumble of thunder above ground. My heartbeat accelerated."I don't know,I'm sorry,I woke up alone in the meadow. No one was with me,I'm alone," I replied;"That's all,that's the truth!"
"You will tell me where your warren is,Leo,otherwise ..." he stopped and looked at his paw.It seemed an idea came to him at that very moment. He raised his right paw and looked to the rabbit to my right. "Give him the Hraffla* mark,then bring him down to the black burrow. We'll know soon,Leo,whether you like it or not. Lies are punished in Efrafa."
The rabbit to my right replied only with "Yes,General Woundwort," before striking me with full force across the neck,tearing searing ruts into my flesh with his claws. Three bloody marks,bleeding profusely,arose from the wound."So that everyone will know that you're not one of us,stranger." Woundwort said,grinning maliciously. The wound burned like hell.
I didn't know what was to happen to me,but I was pushed by the same rabbit that slashed me and moved out of the chamber. As we exited,I stole a glance back up to the general,who had turned to a rabbit to his left and was speaking with him. We transitioned into a hall that descended deep into the earth,and without a word,I let them lead me downwards. The smell became unpleasant,and almost burned in my nose. It smelled like disease,like death. The fur on my back was sticking up too,further inadvertently resisting the march forward.We stopped at the entrance to a dark chamber,where the guards stopped and ushered me in,cutting off the entrance behind me. The buck to my left chuckled sardonically to his colleague. I stood up and looked into the dark chamber,which caused an inexplicable and cold feeling to resonate within me.Suddenly I was kicked in the back,knocking me headlong into the dark chamber where I landed on my gut in a pile of rancid leaves. Malicious laughter echoed from the two Owsla guards standing outside the chamber. "Welcome to Efrafa,damned buck".

"What actually revolts against the suffering is not the suffering itself,but the meaninglessness of the suffering."-Friedrich Nietzsche
The wind roared over the meadows of Efrafa,and the left flank mark was just brought up to Silflay. A thunderstorm approached the enclosure. On top of a hill sat a rabbit,surveying this process. His fur was black,and his paws along with his ears brown. It appeared as if it was covered by a dark coat. Holding his nose into the wind he let his fur ruffle,as a group of rabbits entered the terrain,among them someone new,unknown to him. There was a loud rumbling of the thunderstorm.
"One cloud feels lonely",another rabbit joined,and looked with him into the distance,"Hawk." "Thyrus,Sir," answered the black-brown. Thyrus was councilor of Efrafa,only subordinated to the General himself. In Efrafa various ranges of duties were divided to several rabbits,since the general could not deal with all of them at once. No wonder,with the size of this warren. This provided an unique order and allocation of responsibilities that Efrafa probably just marked. Thyrus was the head of the defence. The Owsla thus. He achieved the commands of the general,passing them on,and ensured that they are executed satisfactorily. It was also up to him who joins the Owsla and who had chances to rise up to the Owslafa,the elite of the general personally. Here,however,only with the consent of the general himself. His word was law.
"How was patrol?" Thyrus asked. "As was to be expected:unsuccessful. I'm afraid it no longer makes any sense to look for Hazel and Fiver in the immediate vicinity,Sir. It has been two moons since,and as they have talked of their own warren,when they've been here,they have probably been back there a long time ago",Hawk replied. Thyrus nodded. The group beneath them came to a standstill,and Moss entered the hole. "Yes," Thyrus began again,"I might have known that. The General sees this whole thing,since their appearance,unfortunately very emotionally and even pushes the captains Campion and Vervain,along with their subordinates,to their physical limits. I hope this will calm down soon",he pointed to the prisoner Leo with a nod. "A scout already reported me about it. They were able to capture this stranger near the river. I already assume he'll be your next job,Hawk,if he's going to be turning out to be just as uncooperative. At least I informed Woundwort by an Owsla,should the opportunity arise." Hawk now surveyed more closely at Leo,who was standing down there,and he was fascinated by his colors. "A Tricolori ... you rarely see that. Well built and as it seems fit. It has to be assumed he's one of them." Thyrus looked at Hawk,and he responded,"You know you're just about to be accepted into the ranks of Owslafa. I trust you thoroughly. I will now listen to what he has to say. Good luck!" He gave him a pat on his back,and slowly walked away. Hawk stayed for a few moments on the hill,still looking at that grey buck,before he was called in for the interrogation. So he wasn't far anymore,he thought,until he finally had managed to get into the Owslafa,the goal of each Owsla of Efrafa. In anticipation of this and with a little excitement,he clawed his claws into the ground. The wind slowly became stronger as it blew through Hawk's fur,and so he also went inside the burrow.
As expected,he was ordered to interrogate Leo. Captain Vervain instructed him what he had to do. He should find out where he came from,and where his warren was located. It was believed that it is Watership Down and that he belongs to Hazel and his outsiders,but the answers he should get hold of should confirm this. One more enclosure would mean much glory for Woundwort and Efrafa. And so for Hawk,if it should be him who gets the information leading to victory over it. Grinning with anticipation,he went through the deep corridors,to the burrow where the gray buck was brought to.
The storm was now in full swing,and loud rumbling was heard frequently all the way down into the hallways,interrupting the menacing silence which was emanating from the walls. As Hawk arrived in front of the burrow where Leo was,he nodded to the guards,which thereat retreated into the hallway. He wanted to have his peace when he was talking to the little one. Although Hawk was already feared for some of his harsh interrogation methods,yet he didn't care. He was,therefore,highly respected among his Owsla colleagues. He sat himself down in the middle of the entrance of the burrow,seeing Leo as he was curled up with his face towards the wall. Before entering,he once again looked over him,his gray-black fur,with the white paw. A nasty grin flitted across his face,as he catched himself,lost in deep thinking,what expression this little stranger might have,when he will leave this warren again. And how this burrow would look like,after he's done with him. He liked the fur of the Greyish,the colors,it looked well-tended,not as ruffled as of the many slaves in Efrafa,and he wondered how it would look like after a few beats,scratches,and bites. After all,he was already uncooperative during the questioning,it was said to Hawk,so he should not be too squeamish with him. Joy rose in Hawk as he dispersed his grin and entered the burrow with a completely serious facial expression,and got in.
"Leo-rah!",he began with a loud,pretended cheerful voice,emphasizing the '-rah' slightly ironic,as the addressee turned around in an hasty movement,and sat himself up as well. "I'm afraid until now,no one has welcomed you here correctly yet,huh? My name is Hawk,and on behalf of Efrafa and all its rabbits,I bid you welcome,especially the honorable General Woundwort." Leo didn't quite understand. What was that supposed to mean now? He slightly tilted his head and unconsciously put on his ears carefully,as Hawk continued. "And as the respected guest you are with us,you will surely be willing to reveal your friends,your enclosure,to us,hm? To let them participate in our highly considered hospitality." Hawk's voice was deep and seemed slightly frightening to Leo,whose hackles rose unwitting. Nevertheless,he tried to not let his uncertainty show,"Well,until now I didn't catch much about your hospitality. I was captured,beaten,and thrown into this",he paused for a moment looking around,"Hole. I've already told everything to your General,Hawk. I woke up alone on a meadow,before I was brought here. I don't remember anything,that's the truth",he emphasized once again.Hawk's traits darkened slightly,as Leo finished speaking and he began walking with slow steps towards him,"this was just the beginning of our hospitality,my dear Leo. There is much more. Your recent appearance has caused quite a stir here and we want this to calm down again,I therefore ask you,where is the warren of Hazel? Watership Down? Your warren?",he arrived at Leo,who inevitably hopped back a step,to get some distance on his counterpart. His appearance gave him a feeling of uneasiness. Hawk was slightly bigger and stronger than he was,and he simply didn't want to risk a fight with him. The accused buck swallowed,and thought for a moment,he feared that this buck just won't believe him anyway. "That's the truth. Really",Leo whispered softly,but emphatically.
Hawk continued his walk,and pushed Leo with his back against the wall,"There are words which serve the only purpose of hiding thoughts. You,my dear Leo,are using those words." He arrived at Leo and looked directly into his eyes,with a determined look that injected fear into the veins of his body. "Your name wasn't hidden from you either,wasn't it?",with a jolt,he suddenly grabbed Leo by the scruff of his neck and pushed him slightly up the wall,pulling the ground out under his hind legs. "Where-is-your-warren?" Asked the black-brown with a seriousness in his voice,which emphasized every word more threateningly. Leo panted for air,he just couldn't realize as fast what happened,as he felt himself at the mercy of Hawk. Frightened he shook,more trembled,with his head,and stuttered softly uncertain "I-I don't know it." Hawk started to growl and slightly bared his teeth. Beneath his paws he felt the fearful trembling of the buck and realized,how silky his fur was. He grinned and let Leo down again,so that he had ground again beneath his paws."Well",he growled softly,"think again. Thoroughly." Suddenly he hauled off with his right paw and hit Leo right onto his snout. A dull sound was loudly audible,and the pain dragged into Leo's skull by the force of the blow. "Hmph",he only could bring out muffled,holding his snout with his paws,slightly bent forward with pain. It felt as if the pain would go towards the inner,and would try to find its way out again,but it poised right there. His thinking became harder to the Grayish,and his taste became slightly metallic,as some blood from his lip wet his tongue. Again he shook his head after a while,"I speak true," he breathed softly. Hawk turned around and let himself fall down on his fore paws. With his back to him,he meant,"You have a really beautiful face,Leo. You'll live here,whether if you want to or not. Wouldn't it be a pity if no Marli wouldn't want you anymore,only for the pride you think you have to bring on me in this filthy hole?",he striked out with both of his hind paws and kicked the grey directly into his face. A stifled scream escaped the gray throat and by the force of the kick he bounced with the back of his head against the hard,cold wall,and sinked on his back to the wall onto the ground. A soft whimpering set in,"Frith..." "Frith!",Hawk interrupted him immediately,slightly mockingly,"Frith only helps those who help themselves. So help yourself by helping me,outsider. You know the answers that will immediately stop all of this." Again Hawk approached Leo and looked down at him with a slight grin. He squirmed a bit like a worm in the earth,holding his head,and blood leaked slightly from his muzzle. His fur stained reddish,and breathing felt somewhat strange to him. With the blood in his nostrils it became more difficult. The resistance of the buck started to please the experienced Owsla. But he had already met some unwilling,whom he broke sooner or later. It was the only way how Efrafa could assert itself. To prove strength.
After some moments of silence,Leo tried to sit up again,and went again head to head with his tormentor. "Killing me won't change the truth,you damn bugger! It is and remains the truth! I-do-not-know it!" The Gray now emphasized more vigorously,visibly to the feigned surprise of his counterpart. He stepped back at him without pushing Leo back this time. He came very close with his snout to the blood-stained of the Gray. "Sticks and stones may break my bones,but names will never hurt me. Oh,my dear Leo,I don't want to kill you,certainly not," his voice darkened abruptly,"I'm just gonna hurt you. Really,really bad,if you do not immediately begin to cooperate with us." "Please,believe me,..." Leo replied,apparently annoyed by always the same question. "I'll stay here,I'll become a part of this warren,everything you want,but please,please believe me",with a slight imploring undertone he pressed himself against the wall once more. Hawk immediately walked up to him again. With a gently compassionate glance he looked down at him grabbing Leo's snout with both paws and pulled him back onto his paws,without letting him go. Strongly and firmly,he held the gray muzzle of the buck in his paws,with his claws slightly stroking through his fur,and held his mouth shut. "You really don't wanna say it,huh? You don't know it,you mean?",he asked,almost understandingly. Leo twitched softly with his head,but was held by Hawk. Panic rose in him as he didn't trust this situation. He hardly shook his head. "Well,in that case...",a tearing noise was heard as Hawk pulled his claws across the back of his muzzle,to the opposite side down his lips,and let Leo go.
An almost shrieking,painful scream echoed through the corridors of Efrafa,to the ears of the Owslas,who recently just have kept guard there. Even their blood run cold for a moment. Slightly intimidated they took a step back,to escape the sounds which still might follow,so they wouldn't have to listen to them.Hunched with pain,whimpering,Leo pulled himself to the center of the lair,while Hawk was standing in front of him,relaxed,looking down at him. "You really should know now how serious it is for us,Leo. Where is your damn warren located? If it's up to me",he licked a claw appreciatively,"things can go on forever." Leo could only hold his snout,which burned hellishly,and pain robbed him of every possibility to even think about anything. Blood leaked from the wounds,through his paws and moistened the fur of those,mixing up with the soil of the ground. Slight red mud was made hereby. "I-I-I",he only stammered,swallowing up by his own words,which he tried to express. Visibly amused by this sight,Hawk rolled the buck onto his back with a kick and sit on him,pinning him down to the ground by his weight. He put his right fore paw on Leo's temple and he sweeped with a claw from there,down around his eye,over his snout,gently scratching the wounds,whereupon Leo twitched,down his cheek to his neck,before finally turning his face aside pushing it into the reddish-bloody mud. "Blood and dirt," he breathed softly into his ear,"that's what you are! Look closely at it. Not worthy for what you are revealing here,Leo." He felt the blood of the male rabbit under his fore paws,as it pulsated heavily through his veins,his flesh. The painful moaning of the buck was music to his ears,and it seemed to bath him in adrenaline. For a moment,he enjoyed this feeling,as if hypnotized and licked around his muzzle. He could do anything with him. Leo felt the cold and moisture of the mud getting through his fur under a part of his muzzle and his face. He fell silent as a litle tear of pain descending down his cheek,finding its way over his muzzle,and mingled with the reddish mass.
Again he applied his claws upside his cheek,and pushed them through his fur,poising for a moment at the notable resistance of his skin. Then he pushed his claws with full force through,pulled them over his cheek with one lightning-quick motion,down to his throat,without cutting too deep,half way over the chest. Again that scream,but this time it suddenly suffocated. Hawk descended from him as he saw Leo convulsing abulicly. It felt for the grey as if he'd just lost any control of his own body. Intermittently his joints pushed through,his mouth was opened wide,but no sound got out his throat,as much as he wanted to. His hind legs twitched like wild,and his back was pushed through,so much that he was afraid that it would soon break like a limb in a storm. Even breathing was difficult for him,as if he was squeezed against his lungs,and it would be impossible for him to fill them again. Mean giggles reached his ears,as he could see from the corner of his eye how Hawk looked down on him. Fascinated,he watched the Grey. "You are in shock," he said monotonously. "Enjoy the emotions that your body is capable of making you sense. Fascinating,isn't it? What sheer endless possibilities of pain it can let us know. Meanwhile,think finally about what's good for you." But the utter panic that has spread inside of him didn't allow him to think even. Too great was the fear of dying. Dying here,in this filthy hole,in this filthy warren,at this filthy Hawk. Mourning spread across panic as he realized where he has landed,and he fears never to know who he really is.
After a while,the twitches actually lost intensity,and Leo only laid weakened and motionless on the ground. His heart beat hefty against his little chest,as if it was just about to jump out of his mouth,and to leave him. It seemed to him as if it took forever,how he lied there,as if time was frozen,only being able to hear the throbs of his own heart. As a silent whimper left his lips again,his oppressor came over him,grasped around his muzzle with his claws,and pulled his head slightly to the left so he could look into his eyes. "You won't tell me,huh?",he asked pityingly. No answer,no sound escaped from Leo's mouth. His eyes seemed empty,and innerly he just looked through Hawk,as if he wasn't there. It became impossible for him to resist anymore. He simply didn't know what else he could have said at all,so that this martyrdom ceased. With last force he tried to form the words,but he couldn't breathe any sound into them. Instead,he only shook his head lightly,as another tear ran down his cheek. "Then keep quiet",Hawk put his right fore paw on Leo's throat and squeezed it. It burned. A retching sound reached his ear,a fading cough,and vain pants. Leo's eyes widened full of fear and looked only into Hawk's intent,emotionless face,who stood above him,as he tried to struggle for air against the resistance on his throat. His heartbeat rushed and blood shot him to the head. He grew hot,as Hawk just intensified the squeezing. Using the last of his strength,he tried to wind and hauled off with his right hind leg and gave him in a kicking movement a scratch on his hind leg,which didn't seem to bother him at all. Immediately,Hawk sat down back on the buck laying on the ground,with his entire weight,ruling out any defense,and continued strangling him mercilessly. Gradually,the resistance ceased,as Hawk believed to hear a pathetically breathed "Frith ...". Slowly,the eyelids of the Greyish closed shut,until any movement fell silent,and he was just about to lose consciousness. Hawk,as he saw that he has brought him to this point,let up on him and slowly walked towards the exit of the burrow,looking one last time at this picture of misery,which he left pleased just as expected,"Frith wasn't here today." Blurrily,Leo could only perceive how Hawk was leaving the burrow with a nod out into the corridor,and something bright shining moved toward him. Then he lost consciousness.
