In honor of all those who helped inspire this,and whoever made me crazy enough to put it together.
Thanks to Daughter of the sea *natasha* for the amazing cover.

There is only one thing that is constant on this planet... war. I have witnessed it countless times,in it's bloody and frivolous glory... The cause is the population of supernatural beings on this planet. Almost like a bad cliche,they have split into two factions. Commonly referred to as the light and dark sides of their community. One wishes to nurture and protect the humans... but the other wonts for their total subservience.
The funny thing is,none of the humans know we exist,and none ever have. Not a single one that is considered sane,that is.
My name is Meta,and once again I am faced with a choice. The choice to fight along side my 'comrades' in defense of my brethren,the humans,or go rogue and wait until the end of the war to receive my punishment from the council of elders.
Unfortunately,my sub-programing will make the choice for me.
You see,I am not human. I am not a supernatural being either. Part of me is purely artificial in nature...
People say I stand around 6'7",and my light brown hair is always messy. I never bothered to care. My rumbling voice,dark clothing,and demeaner seem to unnerve those who are near me for too long. Mostly anyway. It's probably a good thing they stay clear of me anyhow...
Meta looks over the balcony in the hall of elders,trying to steal a glimpse and make sure everyone else has left. However,he once again forgets to look behind him,as an unwelcome presence asserts itself,previously unnoticed.
"You looking for something,mister?" The unknown voice forces him to turn around,facing it's owner head on. Meta is taken aback,caught utterly off gaurd by what he sees.
Her brown hair and golden,radiant eyes paralyze him for a second because of their sheer brilliance she is simply... "So much like her..." Meta involuntarily tresses of liquid chocolate fall down on her shoulders,framing a pair of radiant golden eyes,small button nose,and enormous smile. She even looks to be around 6' 1",Just like...
"Hmm? Like who? I still don't know your name. Mine's Tabitha. Nice to meet you." She reaches her hand out towards Meta.
"I am Meta. Pleased to meet you."
As they shake hands,she gets a puzzled look on her face "Do you always talk like that? I mean all flat and serious."
"I'm afraid so." Meta moves ever so slightly to one side,making his intention to leave clear. "I must leave to prepare. Even though these 'talks' have been going well so far,the dark side is still planning to start a war. It will be upon us in a matter of days,maybe a week. I suggest you do the same,Tabitha."
"Ok... I agree with you on that. See ya around."
As she leaves,Meta is left to contemplate many painful memories he thought were long gone... They are dark and cut him deeply as they play through his mind once again,a sharp contrast to the beautiful,cathedral like room he stands in,carved ornately from ancient stone,looking down on a stage that has seen so much history.
"As if it truly makes a difference..."

"Hello!?"
A feminine voice echoes in blackness...
"I'll get you to safety,just hang on!"
A lady in a golden,grassy field picks up an unconscious figure and begins to carry him to a safe place. Her eyes flash a golden hue,somehow brighter than the grass passing as she runs. Brown hair flying behind her,worry furrowing her brow.
Darkness... Utter,choking,blackness is all that can be seen...
"The least you could do is wake up!"
The voice echoes again,but it's source is unclear...
Small,blotches of color begin to appear,and then solidify into familiar shapes. A wooden dresser,a log cabin wall,a face with golden eyes staring with a worried look on her face...
Meta bolts upright in terror,realizing he is no longer where he considers 'home' in any way.
"Whoa! I don't even know if you have internal injuries yet! Lay down,you!"
The same young lady pushes him back onto the bed... with much more force than you would think possible. She did carry him there at a full run after all.
"W-w-who are you!? Where am I!?"Meta stammers,unsure of almost everything in his current situation,
"Calm down already! I am Celia,okay? I won't hurt you. You are currently in some backwater part of the woods on a planet called Earth. Ring any bells?" Celia tilts her head to one side as she speaks,trying to console her rescue-ee.
"I don't suppose you could be more specific?" Meta asks,trying once again to get up off of the lumpy mattress,only to be pushed down by Celia,rather more savagely than would be advisable.
Celia glares at Meta before continuing,clearly dissapointed in his strong-headed foolishness."I'm afraid not. All I know is that,to me,this place is currently home. Until the war starts,that is. At that point in time,I'll move to the underground city." Celia swings an arm upward in an arc upward,showcasing the cramped room.
"What year is it?" Meta asked,giving up his fight,and lying down.
"Excuse me?" She just looks at Meta,seemingly confused by the simple question.
"In human time measurement,what YEAR is it!?" Meta nearly yells,forcing his way up and grabbing Celia by the shoulders,coming face to face with her.
Celia responds,with a slight stutter,surprised by Meta's sudden action."I think it's around,oh,697. Why?" Celia pries herself free,and walks toward the only door to the room,looking back on Meta cautiously. "And how did you know I wasn't human? I've put more work into hiding my presence than you would believe." Celia hugs herself,scared slightly by the being in front of her.
Meta lays back down,stunned,unable to say anything because of what he just heard. All six foot,seven inches of him might as well be carved from stone.
"I take it that was a shock. Sure explains that weird energy I felt before you appeared. Do you have any clue how you got here?" Celia cheers up again,seeing Meta calm down. "And,I never did get your name."
"My name is Michael Ethan Araan,but I'm afraid you would never believe me if I told you how I got here." Meta just lies there,thinking about his current ordeal,but failing to grasp it completely.
"Try me,I've seen some pretty queer stuff in my day. I'd almost say it was time travel of some sort. Not the regulated kind either." Celia said,regarding Meta with a calculating stare.
Once again,he freezes.
"I guessed right,huh? Well,You'd better put your shirt back on... and drop those illusions you've been using,supper will be ready shortly." She walks out the door,closing it behind her,leaving Meta in a confused daze.
"697... I won't be born for over two thousand,five hundred... years..."

Meta snaps back to the present just as Tabitha calls his name... Apparently she changed her mind about leaving while he was daydreaming.
The opera house like building fills his vision once more,reminding me just what was transpiring before I visited my past,the intricate designs on the walls helping me anchor myself in the present.
"I haven't been entirely honest with you... I'm mainly here to see what your powers are,and how extensive your experience is,so that I can assess how valuable you might be in a mission I've been assigned by the council. Secretly,no less."
Meta's stare is unwavering as he calculates and observes... "If it is battle experience you are looking for,then I accept your request."
"Meta,I haven't even told you what 'it' is yet." Tabitha looks at Meta,astonished and slightly confused by his abrupt approval.
"That is irrelevant. The sub-programming in my subconscious would force me to join in any event. As for my powers... they include the innate control of energy and illusion. while not being overly potent,I rank within the top ten for both abilities." Meta keeps staring,coldly assessing.
"Well,at least your honest about it... Try not be so glum around the others,ok? The last thing I need is a fight among MY OWN TEAM,got it? Our next team assembly will be around four,I'll introduce you then." Tabitha pats Meta on the shoulder reassuringly,eliciting a sharp glare from him. She smiles as she walks away,unbeknownst as to exactly what Meta has,and can do.
"You will find out soon enough,Tabitha...I am a force to be reckoned with." Meta turns back toward the stage like apparatus below,finally seeing a total absence of other people. He turns to leave,following the same route Tabitha took. "Now,just to wait until the meeting." He closes his eyes,concentrating. "So I have to wait three hours. Can't be helped." He opens his eyes again,as they flash a fierce,piercing blue,and he disappears through one of the doors near the back of the balcony.
A few hours later
Meta walks through stone hallways,plainly set into the natural stone,looking for the briefing room Tabitha's team utilizes for mission preparation,remembering a map he memorized years ago to find his way. Meta stops at an open door to his left,peering in.
He sees a cramped room with racks holding armor,much like bullet proofed vests. Each one bears embroidery saying "EGR",and has accompanying arm and leg gaurds. As Meta observes,he thinks to himself. "Hmmmmmm,Energy GradientRepulsors. This team must be sent into combat often." The table in the center holds a general map of the area. He notes that it's quite detailed as he begins to enter,feeling the assessing gaze of all those within the room.
Tabitha stands in the center of one side of the table,different beings surrounding her and the table on different sides,all vying for positions so that they may see the map laying inn front of them. She notices Meta,and speaks. "Ok everybody,this is Meta,our new team member. Go easy on him,alright,he seems like the shy type. Get in here already!"
The room Meta walks into is occupied by six people. All of them are supers he recognizes at a glance,having faced or befriended their kind before. One fire wielder,a healer,two human form sprites,a vampire,and Tabitha,another fire wielder is a cliche in of himself,with red hair and a long beard. He seems to stand about 6' tall. The healer is another story... Absolutely no hair in sight,and many,many piercings. He is about 5'8" tall. "Eh,to each their own." One sprite has jet black hair with scarlet highlights,red eyes,and an everlasting grin on his mug. His powers are transfiguration and cloaking distortion. He's only 5'2". The other sprite is about my height,with sandy hair and hazel eyes. He seems to be an earth elemental. The vampire seems to have standard powers,but all I can see is her long silky black hair due to her facing away,seemingly uninterested in the conversation at present. "What is the mission and what is required of me." I s the only thing Meta can think to say as he stands before them.
"Woooooow,Tabitha,he's full of energy,ain't he? Seems to me like you picked a real winner here! HA!" The short sprite remarks,rather boisterously.
The snide and sarcastic remark means nothing to Meta,especially from the black haired sprite."I would suggest that you keep your insolent attitude to yourself until we reach our objective. Otherwise,I may be forced to remove it,sprite." Meta's expression and demeanor remain stony and cold as he speaks.
The sprite vaults over the table,landing right in front of Meta,beaming all the time,unafraid "At least you've got a sense of humor,then. The name's Max. If I have my faces right,I believe I read a file on you not too long ago. Said you've basically been through hell and back through almost every historically recorded war. Also said you're fearsome in the field. Glad your on OUR side,heh."
" The entire speech was just while we were shaking hands... He's going to be a handful..."
After a few moments,Tabitha decides to cut in,getting a thankful,yet reserved,nod from Meta. "Ok,ok,you two,that's enough. Everyone,we can introduce ourselves later. Right now,let's get down to business."
"Whatever you say Tabitha,whatever you say." Max's hair waves around in an unruly fashion as he practically skips back to his place near the map.
Meta walks up to the table in the center of the room,looking down at the topographical representation laying before everyone. He looks up as Tabitha clears her throat and begins to speak.
"Ok,people,I am not going to sugarcoat this,we are going on a plain and simple,off the books,raid. Got it? Our mission is to rescue any supers in this complex." She circles a finger around a large,red 'P' in the center of the map. "Rumor has it that some dark side hooligan is trying to design an ultra-soldier,using combined DNA from countless supers. He's decided to use humans as not only guinea pigs,but as a shield,or so the rumor goes. Let's try to do this as quietly as possible,and dispel any fears,and silly rumors,along the way. Apparently,the council also wants a piece of whatever is being made in there... 'for research'. Either way,we need to get in,then out,squashing equipment and the like as we go. Don't really know how they expect that to be quiet,but we gotta try,ti's in our orders."
"Where is it and what are the defenses?" Meta asks,flat toned as before.
Tabitha looks at Meta,temporarily dumbfounded. "Trust the silent guy to ask the important questions... We have NO clue as to the defenses,mainly due to an ability suppression field surrounding the lab,but the complex is hidden in plain sight. It's buried underground in the surrounding forest."
" A forest... A scene from the beginning of this nightmare. Why must history repeat itself so cruelly..."

Meta emerges from the small bedroom in the cabin,and heads toward Celia,who is standing over a boiling pot,ladelling out liquid from inside. She smiles at him,and gestures to a chair on one side of a rough hewn table near the center of the room. As the two figures sit down to their meal of goat and potato stew,one finally speaks up...Breaking the silence in the two room cabin. They sit at a high and roughly made table near the hearth,as a fire burns under a cauldron like pot.
"So,Michael,What are your powers? If I may know. For all I know I might be misreading your aura." She points her wooden spoon toward him,waving it about. "And why are you holding up those illusions still? I know you have limbs underneath them. Were you injured or something? Well,before you came here,that is." She consumes a spoonful of the stew,still staring intently at Meta.
Rather uncomfortably,Meta speaks up,averting his eyes and clenching his hands under the table. "My powers are energy manipulation and,as you can sense,illusion,as well as a limited 'phasing' ability that allows me to move in another dimension,relative to our own,gaining speed and distance that translates accordingly into our own dimension. The illusions are to conceal the part of me that most would find disturbing. I may have those limbs intact,but they are not normal."
Celia scoffs,seeming more at ease around Meta now. "You REALLY think that explanation is going to satisfy me? Just drop them already and get it over with." She gestures with her spoon again,toward Meta's right side.
Meta looks down,his face becoming clouded. His voice seems unsure. "I warned you..." With that statement,Meta's right arm and leg shimmer and fade,as well as part of his face and head,leaving behind faccimilles made from a crystalline appearing metal...
"Oh,my,gosh..." Celia stares,nearly backing off,but showing fascination at the same time.
"I am sorry,I will leave now." Meta attempts to rise.
As he tries to get up,Celia holds his right arm while leaning over the table,retraining him,and giving him an apologetic look."No,no,that's fine,it's just... most people overplay something they are hiding. THAT..." She lets go of Meta,and points to his right side. "...is NOT in any way NORMAL. What exactly is it?"
"Since you have already figured out that I come from another time I might as well tell you. Has anyone gazing far into the future looked upon nonliving contraptions made of foreign substances?" Meta sits once more.
"Yes,but only those who can gaze exceptionally far." Celia remarks,almost let down.
"That is basically what I am now."Meta turns his face slightly,revealing the artificial right side of his face. His eyes glow a fierce electric blue.
"Well... What were you... I guess,made for?" Celia asks,gazing into Meta's glowing eyes.
"A future war between the darkness and the light."

"I would suggest that I take lead. Some of my abilities might allow me to see foes before you do." Meta's voice rings deep and menacing in the small,crowded room.
Tabitha looks at Meta,surprised by him again. "Well,Meta,two things... One,Thanks for the volunteer,these scaredy cats never volunteer for point... And two... well,a lot of supers have been coming across some kind of jamming energy in the field,like I mentioned earlier. It completely renders their respective powers inert,so whatever you have up your sleeve might not do us any good."
Meta nods his head back and forth,left to right. "My abilities operate differently than a normal super's. They are not affected by such cowardly tactics."In a fit of discomfort and emotion pain,I avert my eyes and hold my right arm in my left hand... "It should not be a problem. I also humbly request that all other members of the team stay back at least three hundred meters while I am fighting. I cannot stre..."
"You HAVE to be absolutely KIDDING ME! You expect us to let YOU have all the fun while we sit back and WATCH!? You'll have no such luck bucko. I don't care whether your talking some honor crap,or just trying to show off,I AIN'T HAVING IT!" The fire wielding sprite screams,in a fit of sudden rage,apparently brought on by something Meta said.
"It seems as though the fire wielder is going to be more trouble than Max..."
"Benjamin! For goodness sake,pipe down!" Tabitha tries to calm him.
"At least Tabitha seems to have a cool head..."
Meta looks at the sprite in question,regarding him icily,and with borderline contempt. "If I am forced to fight at my full power,there is a certain area that tends to be dangerous for on-lookers. I am merely asking you to stay out of that area so you do not get harmed."
"Bullshit!" Benjamin shouts,not satisfied.
Tabitha grabs Benjamin by the ear,twisting it to get his attention,before drawing him into whispering range. "Ben,either shut up or get out of this room and consider yourself relieved of duty! GOT IT!?" She lets go,lightly slapping him across the back of the head.
"Yeah,sure,whatever..." Benjamin says under his breath,retreating slightly.
"We leave at o-eight-hundred tomorrow morning,whether it's haites or high water,that's when we're leaving." Tabitha puts both hands on the table,looking around at everyone. "Everyone,disMISSED!"
Meta is almost glad to see them all disperse,but he sees Tabitha stop Benjamin as he tries to leave...She speaks to him in a hushed tone."You had better leave that attitude in your home tomorrow morning,because if you don't,you'll have to deal with ME. Understand? If you don't a certain someone might just decide to splatter you all over the walls of whatever hole you live in." She smiles a little too broadly for what she just said.
"Yes,m-ma'am!,No problem!" Benjamin's attitude makes complete reversal,now seemingly afraid of what Tabitha said.
"It also seems as though Tabitha is hiding some of her power. I wonder why,and if sshe truly is fearsome enough to scare him so badly... I wonder why."
"Meta? Meta!" A short figure with pitch black hair appears in Meta's immediate vision,trying to stay quiet.
"I'm sorry Max,I was just thinking." Meta said,focusing on Max,but having to look down very far to meet his eyes.
"Eh,no problem." Max waves his hands in a dismissive way. "I wonder... Are you going to tell everyone about your 'special' abilities? I have a feeling they'll be scared out of their wits if they see 'em in the field tomorrow... I know I was the first time I saw 'em,even though those weren't the best of circumstances." He chuckles lightly.
"Unfortunately,this time I won't. I appreciate your concern,Max,but don't give anything away. I don't want another team to fall apart like last time. If you could call it that."
"I guess I can understand that. Do you want me to keep pretending I don't know you? It could help you avoid some probing questions. Ya'know,that way your past,and they,are safer."
"Yes,I do. It's much easier to act as the outcast,than to only have one ally,among a hornet's nest of potential enemies. Especially if that ally can be put in danger because of future actions."
"Roger that,squad leader!" Max salutes to Meta before starting to walk down one of the plain rock walls. "See ya later,annihilator."
"So much energy. He never seems to change..."

Meta and Celia still sit at the table near the hearth,but at this point the,previously blazing,fire has died down considerably,bathing the room in phantom like shadows and a low warmth.
"Why did you reveal all of that information so... easily,Michael? If you are what you say you are,I would think you might be more tight lipped. I would think,anyway."
Meta gives her a puzzled look. "What?" She asks,returning in kind.
"How do you know those colloquial sayings? They are far out of place for the time period we are in."
"Oh,that would be the brainwave manipulator I used. It allows me,and anyone else,to understand you,and vice versa. Luckily,I too have some experience with some energy manipulation."
"That seems rather convenient,but I believe you. The only reason I am so liberal with future events at the moment is because certain supers will no doubt discover that information eventually,no matter how well I safegaurd it for the time being. As for myself,artificial parts included,all of my abilities are locked by very special codes derived from my DNA and brain waves. If I am forced to fight,each time I use a different technique to attack,a third component is required. A spoken or thought password in another language that was only discovered recently in my time. Luckily all three components have to be engaged at once,so there is no risk of outside influence."
Celia closes her eyes and rubs her temple,trying to comprehend. "I am sorry,but most of that was lost in translation. At least I know you won't be anyone's puppet."
"I thought that might happen..." Meta's eyes glow brighter as a worried look passes over his face...
"Do you have visitors often,Celia?" Celia just gives him an unreadable glance as she gets up.

Everyone in Tabitha's rag-tag team stands around the map once again,clogging their tiny room with far more people than you would think could fit in it.
"Okay,everyone,today is the day. It's time to start this thing... Where the heck is Ben?" Tabitha glances around the room,regarding each person separately.
"Tabitha,we haven't seen him since he blew up oh so spectacularly yesterday,ma'am." Max remarks,showing off his ever-present smile.
"Thanks Max,I got that already." Tabitha rubs her forehead in frustration,closing her eyes tightly. "Whatever. He was really just an extra anyway. Grab your armor... Or whatever the heck you use,Meta,and meet me at the edge of the forest in an hour. DISMISSED!"
They all file out,already having heard further details about their upcoming mission,but unaware what lies in store for them...
(The edge of the forest,nearest the human city,east side,1 hour later)
Giant oak trees loom over anybody who stands near them,dwarfing anyone with fantasy like proportion,seemingly out of place so close to the bustling city a mere seven hundred feet away. Leaves rustle and woodland creatures frolic,unaware of the people so near entire team waits for Tabitha...
"What's taking her so long?" The earth wielder says,glancing at everyone else gathered there.
"She uses special armor,Sam,you KNOW that. It takes longer to prepare than ours does. Except for Meta's. He doesn't wear any." Max says back to Sam,with a condescending tone.
"Max... There has to be something wrong with you. I swear there is." Sam counters,nodding disaprovingly.
"Pffffft. Yeah,right. Maybe I'm normal,and YOUR the unusual one. Bet you never thought of THAT." Max stands up,acting as if he won a long and arduous battle.
"Heh. maybe you're right for all I know. Whatever..." Sam grumbles,admitting defeat.
"Wow,it's unusual in and of itself for you two to get along,eh Max?"
Max nearly jumps three feet into the air as Tabitha's voice reaches his ear.
"You know how the saying goes. 'never arrive on time to a party.' I hope you have enough energy left over for this mission,Max." Tabitha assesses them all in turn,like she did in the briefing. "Is everyone ready for this? I have no idea what we'll come up against,so..."
She receives a unanimous and resounding affirmative from the entire group before they push through the dense foliage toward their,unknown and enigmatic,goal.

Celia looks at Meta strangely,a tendril of fear tingeing her voice slightly. "What? Visitors? At this time?" She looks out of the only window in the room,and retreats upon seeing three lanterns approaching. "I have a bad feeling about this." She whispers to herself. "Michael,hide in the bedroom,and close the door. I will attempt to dissuade them." She leaves as Meta retreats to the only other room in the small cabin,closing the door behind him with a creak.
From inside his temporary sanctuary,Meta hears the telltale signs of a door opening,then muffled noises,almost like a struggle,but waits... for Celia's scream to leap into action instictively. He uses one of his abilities,and phazes into a plane of energy,maneuvering through a dimension of nearly blinding white light,accompanied by deafening sound,and reappears next to a hooded figure,who is using telekinetic powers to restrain Celia...
A hooded man holds Celia hostage against the wall opposite the bedroom as his two friends ransack the place,most likely looking for valuables to plunder
Meta grabs the figure restraining Celia by the shoulder as he appears,setting her free,and and scattering the two other cronies. "State your name and intentions,or I will be forced to eliminate the threat you pose."
"Up yours,you freak. I'm going to tear you apart! How dare you interrupt us!" The hooded man spits,aiming toward Meta,but misses by a wide margin. He flings Celia into a wall,knocking her unconscious as he moves to the center of the room.
"I saw what you are,MONSTER! You don't belong anywhere in this universe. Ransacking this place is just a nice bonus. Now DIE,you halfling!"He glows with red energy,and a wave issues from his hands,heading toward Meta.
Meta phazes out of the way,dodging the telekinetic attack with ease... upon reappearing,he changes..."Omega frenzy... 43729... activate..."Meta's right arm is the first to change. The illusion around it fades and his fingers fold backwards,coming to a rest on his forearm. His forearm then splits into five sections,with a crystalline structure array residing on the inside. Purple energy arcs between them menacingly. His upper arm opens,revealing three emitters of the same crystalline structure. One glowing with blue energy,one with red,and the last with purple. Thick glowing armor covers his body and head... and his eyes begin to glow a blinding electric blue.
The transformation takes less than a second... but a smile comes to the hooded person's shadowy face,revealing a badly maintained set of choppers,with several missing. "Heheheheheh... Like I really needed the lightshow to know what you are. You're still going to die!" He releases more waves of energy,but none of them connect as Meta dodges using his phaze ability,approaching quickly at the same time. Just as he is about to,seemingly,collide with his opponent,Meta disappears like before,but doesn't reappear where the hooded man predicted,as he grasps empty space.
Meta appears at a 90 degree tangent in front of the hearth and tackles the figure,crashing through the door and onto the grass... but he has disappeared by the time the hooded man hits the ground. "I warned you. The gap between us is far too wide for you to bridge..." Meta directs his right arm toward the man as the purple glow around it intensifies ten fold.
"Wait,wha..." is all that escapes the hooded man's mouth...
"Shen...Ron...Cerro..."
A bolt of brilliant energy erupts from Meta's right arm,and impacts the ground next to his adversary. The bolt explodes into a thin pyre of energy,expanding to include his target in the field... It becomes a brilliant pillar of energy,reaching into the sky like a purple tower of blinding light...
Meta collapses face-down on the ground as the defeated figure's friends scamper into the forest,a strange light surrounding them faintly.

The crunching of decaying flora as it's trodden on... That is the sole sound a mismatched group makes as it ambulates through the dense forest.
The one out in front holds up his left fist,signalling the group to stop. "There is a sensor net beyond this point. It only seems to cover the trees and underground sixteen feet." The tall person's eyes flash bright blue as he turns. "Just beyond that,there is a power limiting field. None of your abilities will function beyond that point."
Tabitha steps up from behind Max,with a cautioned air about her while the rest of the team hangs back,waiting for orders. "So,what should we do about it? You already stated you're immune to all that crud,but,as you said,we're a bit stuck."
"I believe one member of your team is an earth wielder,correct?" Meta asks,raising an eyebrow.
"Well,yeah... Sam isn't exactly all that powerful though." Tabitha replies,scratching her head,trying to understand Meta's intent.
"I believe he could create a small tunnel underneath the complex to allow all of you access,while I deal with the outer defenses,thereby avoiding security measures,and providing a covert entrance. From what I can tell there are no supers gaurding the outside of the complex as it,allowing me to enter with little difficulty,and distract anyone inside." Meta stands there,awaiting Tabitha's decision.
"Well,I guess that could work... Are you sure you'll be okay alone?" Tabitha asks,overly concerned for the situation.
Birds chirp and the wind rustles tree's leaves as he thinks. "Yes. The current defensive structure will be no match for me."
"Heh. Not exactly sure how you can tell,or where all that confidence just bubbled up from,but I wish you luck. You head on out. I'll tell the others the plan so this has at least a remote chance of working. If you get to the inside before us,try cutting off the power so we can't be tracked as easily." Tabitha begins to head back to the rest of the team,a little quicker upon noticing Sam and Max bickering again.
"I will endeavor to do so." Meta simply turns and walks into the field,silently scanning for unseen traps and enemies. Unaware,he too is being watched...
Someone sits on a sizable branch some distance away,looking at a tablet like display... Which shows Meta in the center. "Utter fool. heheheheh You should never have come here,Meta. You are the sole person who can expose me... looks like I'm gonna have to burn you to ashes... Sorry,'Tabitha',I don't exactly believe quite as strongly as you do. This FOOL can't be the one you've been searching for,it's impossible. That's why I'll tear him apart,just to show you our beloved creator won't be coming back. Then... I'LL be king,and no one will stop me.?

"Michael!?"
That voice... it seems familiar...
"Michael,what happened!?"
Meta slowly opens his eyes,seeing Celia's worried face in front of him. Suddenly,all of the recent events he has experienced are recalled... "Why am I still alive?" He says,sitting up on the small bed like when he was first rescued and brought to the small cabin,startling Celia with the absurd question.
"What is that supposed to mean? I know you said things about being programmed to fight,but you are questioning why you're still live after being victorious in battle? What is this insanity!?"
"I collapsed on the ground after I used a powerful attack... I should be dead." Meta frowns,averting his eyes.
 "I gathered you think as much,but I require an explanation! You saved my life,which perplexes me in itself,but..." Celia looks away as well,her face showing deep emotional pain.
 "It is a flaw in my design... Too large a drain on my power core... and it implodes. Absorbing all matter in a three hundred meter radius in an attempt to stabilize it. The matter is then compressed to the point of becoming hypercritical... causing an explosion that could devastate three percent of this planet in one fell swoop..."
"The heavens above... But why then,are you still alive?" Celia exclaims,eyes wide,taking hold of Meta's nearest hand.
Meta thinks seriously for a moment as he swings his legs over the side of the bed,sitting up. "I believe that is an effect of healing me originally. The extra energy stayed inside me,and was enough to counteract the collapse effect."
"So we found a solution to this 'defect'?" Celia looks deep into Meta's glowing eyes,hopeful,yet expecting the worst.
"I'm afraid not... Every tactic that is used to stave off the collapse of my power core is then useless due to the adaptation of it's containment field,which in itself,creates the implosion." Meta slumps backwards onto the bed,from both exhaustion,and an intense feeling of looming death and defeat,sighing tensely.
"I'm sorry..."
"Don't be,Celia. I am still in your debt. You have saved me twice now. I still owe you my life." Meta Squeezes Celia's hand,returning the gesture while faking an uneasy smile,trying to reassure his new companion and savior,
As they sit there on the bed,side by side,they both contemplate the future as the fire finally dies mere feet away,allowing the light of the moon to cast long shadows across the floor.

"This facility is truly far to lax in it's defense." Meta simply walks through yet another surveillance field,jamming it with precisely tuned static,crushing a small tree under foot. "Perhaps they believe their camouflage is unbreakable."
Something runs through the brush,putting Meta on alert,releasing his illusions and changing his arm into it's true form,dropping the illusion that makes it appear human. He scans,finding only wildlife in the direction the sound came from. However,he points his arm sixty degrees to his left and fires a small bolt of energy,which screams through the foliage,making contact with it's unseen target.
"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH! MY HAND! YOU FREEGING SON OF A BULLFROG! YOU'RE GONNA PAY FOR THIS!"
"Not likely." Meta phases,disappearing and reappearing next to the scrawny man holding the burnt lump that was his hand. His tiny frame looks as if it might break at any moment as he hyperventilates,and his sunken,bloodshot eyes speak of terror. "Your power involves conjuring mystical animals,and close proximity renders your powers moot. Surrender,and you will live to regrow your hand."
The small man just spits at his feet,a look of pure disgust on his face,clearly failing in his attempt to hide his fear. "That's the biggest load of horse sh..." He just stops. When Meta looks at him,his eyes glow piercing red that screams evil... His face also changes,as if he has become something else entirely.
"I suggest you do as he says,or you get to deal with ME. Even if Meta has no memory of such an occurrence."
"PLEASE! Just don't hurt me!"He falls onto his back and retreats crab-style,much faster than you would think possible missing a hand.
As soon as he is out of sight,Meta returns to normal with a slight stagger,only to turn around and head back toward his destination,proceeding as if he has no knowledge of what just transpired.

The sun shone on a new day like a bringer of fantastic news as a light breeze blew grass and trees back and forth,as if they were dancing. However,giant black clouds hung in the distance,pelting all below them with lightning,rain,and hail.
"Celia,I believe you should not only awake,but that we should prepare for the storm headed this way."
In the small bedroom of the cabin,Celia just snores on,laying upon the bed,completely oblivious to reality.
"Please forgive me..." Meta whispers to himself,nodding his head back and forth,before inaling sharply. "IT IS WELL PAST MORNING! WAKE UP NOW!"
Celia jumps off of the bed,landing on the floor next to it. Meta just squats near her with a beaming smile. After a moment Celia finally speaks,with a death glare directed at Meta. "If you ever do such a thing again,I will personally find a way to dismantle you. While still conscious,no less!" Celia begins to rise,eventually accepting Meta's hand to rise to her feet,glaring at Meta all the while
"I apologize. I just believe we should prepare for the storm heading our way." Meta stated matter of factly,letting go of her hand,and heading towards door.
"No point. With all the damage those hooligans did,this place won't serve as a good enough shelter. I know there's some kind of colony not far from here. I think there is also a group of supers that might take us in." She said as she got up,dusting off her simple,brown dress. "Just start packing anything that might be of use." She walks out of the room,examining the the main room,seeing just how much of it was left after the fight,almost pushing Meta out of her way as she passes.
"I do not have any belongings,so instructions on what is useful might be nice." Meta said,following Celia.
"Not much. Those thieves even took the cooking pot. Oh,well. probably couldn't have taken that as it was. Much too bulky." Celia remarked,observing the sorry state her home was left in after the previous night,cataloging in her mind what was taken,and what was not,scowling slightly at how one sided her assessment became.
"I suppose we should just leave then?"
"No. There is one thing we must take along." Celia says,as she stretches her arm up the chimney in the back of the room,directly over the hearth that was ablaze so brightly only hours before. "Not the most creative hiding place,but those crooks didn't find it." She hands a square-ish parcel to Meta,shortly after retrieving it from a cake of soot and ash.
"What is this?" Meta asks,almost disapprovingly,turning the package over in his hands,clearing the ash from it's smooth,hide like surface.
"That,Michael,is what the council of elders approved as currency a few hundred years ago. Luckily,They haven't changed it for a while,meaning we won't have to exchange it to know how much we have. I never was good at mathematics."
And with that brief exchange,the two simply depart quietly,heading toward a rocky ridge in the distance that Celia identified as the colony's location.

Meta forged on through the lush forest,finally coming within view of the,so called,facility he was supposed to bombard on this mission... but something just is not right.
"At this range... far too many magical abilities,and offensive technologies would be able to reach me with deadly accuracy,even with my phazing ability,I could be overwhelmed... according to the layout and specifications Tabitha provided." His face somehow becomes more stern as he thinks. "That could only mean that she is drawing us here in a covert manner,for another reason,while overplaying our adversaries to keep us off balance..." After a moment of contemplation,Meta's face contorts into surprise,disbelief,then anger,before quickly returning to his stony and unreadable self. "This only means I have to increase my speed and the severity of my approach. Max... Watch yourself."
Meta stands tall,and looks at the entrance to the complex,all covered in moss and lichen,before he transforms,like so many times in the past.
"Omega Frenzy... 437...29..."
His armor and cannon replace his EGR armor vest and right arm as he starts walking toward the decrepit,and disused,yet armored,doors,fading illusions revealing once more just how inhuman he is. "Juugo... Unda..." As his cannon arm points toward the door,it glows intensely before releasing a smattering of small purple orbs that shoot towards the door and the ground below. Nothing happens for several seconds,until the ground begins to ripple and distort before detonating,ejecting stones,soil,and unsuspecting insects to spin around in midair,before plummeting unceremoniously to the ground. The door,however,seems unharmed,as it displays the burn marks it just received with inanimate defiance. "Unda... Casca..." This time,the area where the door was hit explodes,leaving a gaping hole after the dust clears. Meta steps through the hole,wary of his surroundings,but he still misses the wisp like figure watching him from behind.
It vanishes as Meta progresses,as if it was no longer able to exist.
(Underground)
"How ya doing,Sam? I know you said you can make it,but,well,you look like crap."
"Thanks for the... vote of confidence... Tabitha."
As the front wall of the tunnel advances,the rear retreats,creating a bubble as the team walks.
"We should be there in just a minute,ma'am." Sam says,grimacing at the effort he is exerting.
"Good. I'll see you get some leave when we get back."
"If we get back." Everyone in the bubble looked toward the middle of the group,toward the vampire holding a lantern,due to the rare moment they just witnessed.
"Tabitha!" Max calls out in a sing-song voice. "You owe me ten Kodems. Heheheh. You should never bet against a Sprite as experienced as me!"
"MAX! Shut up for a second!" Tabitha looks at him with pure death in her eyes,before turning toward Vampire in question. "What's that supposed to mean?" Tabitha looks at her suspiciously.
"The enemy is already near enough to us for me to sense their bloodlust. We are all going to die if I am sensing their intent and power correctly." She just keeps walking,not seeming to care.
"I call bull on that." Sam pipes up suddenly,as if on cue. "How many missions has Tabitha gotten us through,huh? Seventy-six,last I counted. If you're all worried about her history of getting soldiers discharged,well,you can't believe every rumour you hear."
Max suddenly gets a serious look on his face. "So then why are we all going on what is supposed to be a stealth raid? and another thing... Shouldn't we be able to hear Meta duking it out up above us? We're nowhere near deep enough to drown him out,of all people!"
"Max,have you considered that maybe Meta got past the defenses above easier than expected?" Tabitha stares at him with that death look again. "We've all read the reports on his so-called prowess,so if he's as powerfull as he's rumoured to be... there shouldn't have been any problems. He might even be waiting for us at the infiltration point."
"Pfffft... Sure,fine then. I'll go along with this load of hog wash. If we get out of this alive,I'll even consider apologizing." Max's smile returns,but on the inside his instincts urge him not to trust his new 'comrades' anymore.
Meta Walked through the halls of the facility,noting it's industrial layout,with pipes of different coloring lining the walls. Some seemed to be a kind of electro-plasma transfer conduit,while others conveyed a sickly green substance that churned as if alive. Otherwise,nothing was out of the ordinary,in his opinion,anyway.
As he reaches the end of a hallway a charred sign catches his eye. The writing twists before his eyes,and a chuckle sounds in the back of his mind... both quickly forgotten by Meta. The sign shows a layout of the level he is on,saying the detainment cells are to his left,and communications and control center is to his right. Meta turns to his right and proceeds down the hall,but the sign warps again once he rounds a corner,now saying a room called "The Colosseum" is down the path he chose.
The other portion of Tabitha's team stops as the underground bubble they're in stops.
"This..." Sam points upward,just as the ceiling starts extending,finally showing light at the top after a few moments. "...is the end of the line,folks. Please keep all limbs inside the vehicle until it completely stops,then head straight up."
Tabitha walks up to him,with all of the others behind him. "Thanks Sam,we couldn't have done this without you. However..." She swats him lightly on the back of the head. "...stop trying to sound like Max. Neither of you are suited for comedy." She grabs a handhold in the ridged,upward tunnel,slowly climbing up toward the light,with all of the others right behind her.
Meta ducks as he walks through a door,into a bright,blinding light. A humongous,circlular room with smooth walls,only one door,and a flat floor is all that greets him once his vision clears. After a few steps,the door he entered through slams shut behind him,falling like a portculis.
"Well hello... Meta"
The voice rings out from above,out of sight. The owner drops to the ground,creating a cloud of dust as he lands. "This is just as Prometheus predicted. Looks like I'LL be the one to unleash his unrivaled power and knowledge." He looks up at the ceiling. "LET THE WORLD FEAR THIS DAY!"
"Very theatrical,I commend you,but if your intention is truly to fight me,you will not have an easy time of it. I have beat foes with a much higher power level than you many times." He takes a fighting stance,preparing himself mentally too.
The overly muscled man with blue hair looks at him surprised,and just bursts into a loud belly laugh. "HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!" He nearly falls to the floor laughing,but recovers eventually. "Meta... I was specifically designed to take you down. heheheheheh. You've already lost this fight,and I don't mean ours... I mean the one you've been fighting for many thousands of years."
"Pardon,DESIGNED?" Meta doesn't move as he tries to analyze his foe,only to have his scans blocked.
"Yes,my friend... I am model EP-17... The righteous fist... My only programming... is your destruction,so that the supreme overlord may be freed from his imprisonment,and may rule what is rightfully his.
The rest of Tabitha's team climbs out of the hole in the dirt floor of a large room that resembles an empty storage area. Tabitha moves to the front of the group and faces the heavily armored doors at the end of the room. After a few steps,she speaks loudly. "Okay,Sam... Nap time. Se Se Fen." She snaps her fingers twice,and Sam collapses on the ground,asleep. As all of the others try to figure out what just happened,she just begins to laugh manically. "Welcome,everyone... to your graves!"

For a few hours,Meta and Ciel marched through the forest in complete silence. Occasionally glancing at ferns,prickly shrubs,or any one of the one hundred feet tall trees packed around them. After she got bored enough,and gace up on Meta starting a conversation,Ciel decided to try and get better answers for some of her previous questions Meta answered. Most specifically,those that were lost in translation.
"Uuuuuum..." She fidgets nervously." Would you mind repeating some of the answers you gave me last night? I still can't begin to comprehend any of it properly... "
"I apologize for assuming everything would be translated completely." He responded,stopping for a moment. "I suppose the best way to put it all is that I am one of a kind,and no one can steal my powers,even if that does seem to oversimplify things." He suddenly stands at attention,his eyes glowing softly. "I believe some of the robbers from last night are shadowing us,ma'am." A puzzled look crosses his face."But it appears that one of the group has eliminated the other two rather abruptly."
"A dispute over spoils,no doubt. Such barbarians." Ciel said,crossing her arms.
"I do not believe so. The third has a different energy signature than any of those who attacked us last night. Up until the last moment... I beleive they might have been trying to restrain him or her,but failed in the end. Of course this still does not garauntee this new character's amicability." His face hardens,as if concerned. "This third figure,is headed our way,closing at a speed of over thirty miles an hour. I suspect he thinks we are accomplisses of the other two hoodlums."
"Well,you already know my ability is good for offense,so I'll have to any fighting to you. I won't leave you though,I promise. Just be careful." Ciel hides behind one of the large trees.
"He appears to be slowing down as he approaches,but I can no longer pinpoint his location... He must have some kind of energy manipulation ability as well." Meta utters as he turns around,looking into the forest intently,yet seeing nothing.
Suddenly,an overly loud voice declares it's existence directly behind Meta,nearly causing him to lose his composure and trip over a root. "Now how in this big,wide world could you even KNOW that about me!? Heheheheh." The extremely short man,with black hair,accented strikingly with scarlet accents hopped down from his perch on an excavated root,with a beaming smile on his face. "So... from what those two lackies told me,you two are more friend than foe,thank goodness. I'm getting tired of only seeing crooks,bandits,and thieves scurry through this forest. A peaceable traveler seems to be hard to come by these days." He staris at Meta for a moment,returning the confused stare he's receiving. "... OH! My goodness! Where are my manners?" He stretches out his hand to Meta,having to reach upward more than anything. "My name is Maximillian! Good to meetchya!" He shakes Meta's hand... albeit,a little too enthusiatically. "You have nothing to fear from me,I promise you. You can tell your lady friend to come out of hiding behind that tree now. I don't bite. heheheheheheheheheh."
He steps up onto the root again just as Ciel comes out,looking rather cross. "Stupid... You are supposed to gaurd people,not scare them half to death!"
"Oh,I am? Well I think I just managed to do both at once,now didn't I?" His smile somehow got bigger. "Now... I assume you two love birds are headed to the city of the stone,in the outcropping,correct? It just so happens that I'm going that way too. Looks like we will have plenty of time to acquaint ourselves with each other. heheheheheheheheh."

"Who was your designer?"
Meta stands firm,looking at his,supposed,opponent,still having his scans blocked by the unknown figure. Ep-17's neon blue eyes glowed,much like Meta's,eliciting a surprised glare from Meta,as if it reminded him of something long past.
"Why,the supreme overlord,of course. I am honored with the task of destroying you,as I said. I know you can't scan me too. heheheheheheh Looks like I have the upper hand here,as it should be. It's finally time for you to pay for what you did his lordship!" His Stance suddenly becomes serious,before he lunges at Meta,swinging an electrified fist at Meta's face,which nearly connects,even as Meta phazes away.
Meta appears a few meters away,with a grave look on his face. He stares at EP-17,and the goofy smile on his face. Blood begins to trickle from a fresh wound near his eye. "How... Did you even touch me?"
"Like I said,I was designed to destroy you. Seems like you have a hard time grasping reality." Without warning,EP-17 launches another attack at Meta,which is caught in an armored hand. Electricity arcs down Meta's arm,causing burn marks on his armor that don't disappear as they normally would.
Meta phazes again,staying relatively close to EP-17,finally launching his own attack. His left arm's armor changes from it's standard black,with a purple glow,to a silver skin,which extends into a blade like implement at the end of his hand,extending more than foot past. He spins,lashing out at EP-17 with the sword,only for it to shatter upon impact. It doesn't reform,leaving him open. Meta,phazes out of the way of an fierce uppercut,leaving a trail of energy in midair,just before impact.
"Not bad. Not bad at all. Too bad you started that move way too late. heheheheheheh... I Bet you've noticed at this point. My energy causes your nanites to shutdown,leaving you wide open." EP-17 begins running toward Meta,a swirling ball of energy at the end of his waiting fist,ready to be unleashed." Say GOODNIGHT,Meta!"
Meta sidesteps,the attack,backing off a few steps."Juugo Unda!" More small dots of light fly away from Meta,striking the ground around,and a small portion of EP-17. The floor ripples,detonating a moment later,knocking EP-17 backwards a few steps,with a vile sneer. "I hope you are prepared to report your failure,in the afterlife,once your overlord joins you! Unda CASCA!" The few dots that struck EP-17 explode,causing him to fly into the concrete wall,making a crater befitting his oversize self. After falling to the ground,EP-17,surprisingly,staggers to his feet.
"Wow... I never expected you to be able to scratch me." Several cuts and bruises show on EP-17,but no blood is coming from any of his wounds. "Too bad that won't be enough to beat me. I'm alot tougher than I look. Time to die,SCUM!" EP-17 launches toward Meta with even greater speed than before,then somehow splits into three copies,all laughing loudly while charging quickly,using the same powered attack as before,just more powerful than before. The swirling orb of bright blue electricity shifts so it extends behind him as he swings.
Meta tries to phaze again,but isn't quick enough to avoid EP-17's blazing attack. The impact,and explosion,knock him backward. A flat,blue shockwave continues to push Meta with increasing speed,until the wall meets him. Concrete and wiring alike come tumbling down after the impact. Huge chunks of the wall fracture off and fall onto Meta.
Meta,however survives. He staggers horribly,trying to get up. His vision fragmented,and his panting voice distorted,as if badly created by an electronic device. A panel of armor on the back of his head has been blasted off,letting blood flow freely. Meta finally gets to his feet,but his eyes have lost their blue glow.
"So... What do you think of my supernova in tow dimensions? Pretty powerful,huh? Now,after I turn you into ash... I think I'll destroy your friends as a way to please the overlord further. What'd'ya think of THAT,weakling?" EP-17 stays where he is,and watches Meta fall to his knees.
"I..." Meta's voice is now even more distorted,as if it warbles while he talks,nearly out of control. "I... won't allow... that. NEVER." Meta picks up his head and looks at EP-17... But now his eyes are different. They are scarlet,blood red,and glow brighter than they ever did before. A voice echoes in his head,deep,full of hatred,ominous,and full of evil.
"It's been a long time Meta... But I think it's time to take the reigns here... I'm going to make you pay for what you did to me. You're going to watch as I extinguish your friends,colleagues,and then your race,while I finally take what belongs to me. Sleep well,Meta,as I destroy everything you care about."
"So... Nothing to say before I destroy you? That's fine by me. Begging just ticks me off." EP-17 Walks up to Meta,just as a black aura envelopes the kneeling figure. "What the!?"
"Dear EP-17..."Meta's voice is still distorted,but it creams evil with it's very existence. The black energy moves to his cannon arm,replacing the purple,then the red,and then the blue energy that was there. The purple glow leaves his body altogether,replaced by a deep,evil,blackness. "I didn't exactly design you for brains,did I?" 'Meta' gets up,and heads toward the stunned EP-17 and places a hand on his shoulder.
"Who... Are... You?"
"Why EP-17,don't you recognize me?" A demonic smile spreads across 'Meta's' face. "I'm your dear overlord,and creator... Prometheus."
A green glow starts flowing from Prometheus' hand,spreading all over EP-17,covering him quickly. Once enveloped,the glow turns bright blue,and rushes back to Prometheus' hand. Moments later,EP-17 turns to dust,falling to the floor with his clothing.
Prometheus licks his lips as he walks to the only door in the gargantuan room. "Delicious."

The unlikely trio walked through the forest,with Meta in the front,chopping down small shrubs and ferns with a silver sword sprouting from his left arm. Max looked nervously around,dodging tree roots,and decided to liven things up.
"So... how long have you two been a couple?"
They all stop dead in their tracks,starring daggers,mixed with surprise at Max. Celia is the first to speak up,seeming composed. "We have merely saved each-other's lives at this point. Nothing more. We haven't known each other for three days yet!"
Max gives her a sly look. "I think the lady doth protest to much." Before bursting into laughter. Once he calms down,Meta walks up to him,visibly unnerving the short sprite. "Yes? What is it mister bigfoot?"
"I have a question about those bandits you were subdoing before we met. The two left over from a gang of them I defeated previously."
Before Meta could actually ask,Max cut in. "Subdoing? Pffffft,not a chance of that. I found the poor fools laying on the ground,with some weird kind of sparkly light all over them. As soon as I tried to help,like they were asking me too,the turned to dust,and the light flew off somewhere. Sorry,but I did nothing this time."
Ciel,recovered by that point,walked up,with a concerned look on her face. "Was it a pure gray like ash,but not affecting the clothes they were wearing?"
"How do you know that!?" Max stepped back,surprised.
"I found something like that in front of my cabin before Michael and I headed out into this forest. What do you think it is,some kind of disease?"
"Naaaaaah,I doubt it. Nothing's happening to me,and I was right up near two victims of,whatever that is,so I'm pretty sure,if it's contageous,I'd have it. Sprite bodies don't really have a good tollerance to disease from your world. We aren't very good at making them in that sense."
Max moves up to the front,scouting ahead as they begin to walk again. Ciel seems unaffected,but Michael has an ill look on his mug,as if he knows what is happening,yet doesn't at the same time.
"Kay Manix... Why do I remember that name?"
"What is it Michael?"
"I don't know... It's as if part of my memory is being blocked."
"I'm sure you'll be fine."

"Our graves!? Why,I'm so scared,Mrs. Tabitha. You must have been working on that for a while." Max's snide remark echoes inside the room,shaking dust from support gurders in the ceiling.
'Tabitha' just turns around around,staring at the rest of the group,except Sam,who is snoring on the ground. "Sure Max,just keep believing that. You,of all the imbeciles in here,know exactly what I am. All of you just blindly trusted me. Is a few succesful operations all it takes to win you over? How pathetic. You're all here to become experimental troops. Only the strongest get the honor of being transformed by the overlord's genius. You should be honored."
Rare as it is,Lucy,the vampire spoke up." Overlord? I don't believe that particular figure is alive in this day and age."
Max turns to her,startled." Wait a second! You know who she's talking about!? I thought all of you would never have heard that name... considering that part of history has been buried as well as the council of elders can manage."
"My hobby is studying such periods."
At this point 'Tabitha' is getting impatient. "ENOUGH!" She slams her first into the only door to the room,yelling at the same time. The shockwave sends the rest of them flying to the opposite side,just short of striking the far wall itself. Greg lands flat on his face,while Max and Lucy stay on their feet.
"What the heck was that!? I don't think I've seen that ability before. Lucy,Greg,any ideas?"Max just receives a unanimous no. "Great. So then,Tabitha,care to explain to them what you are,and tell me your standard features?"
"Blunt as always,and just as irreverant. I,imbeciles,am model EP-12,Kay Manix,sonic death. However,I would prefer to keep my exact specs to myself. At least until you are all lab specimens." Her eyes start to glow a faint yellow color as she approaches Greg,Lucy,and Max. "So... Who's first? It's been a while since I got to puree someone."
Prometheus stalks along several halls in the lab area after leaving EP-17 behind. He looks at the shattered sword on his left hand,and nods his head,disaproving."Still using the same old tricks,eh Michael? I know you can hear and see,so speak your mind while you still can."
"How did you create that being?"
"Straight to the point,I love it." A sinister smile glues itself to his face. "Good old silver blood. At least that's what it was called during my first conquest. Those precious nano-machines that heal you... "He holds up his left hand."... And lets you do this,as well as protect you in the form of armor. Poor pathetic Meta,you don't even know your abilities,or at least their true destructive power. I'll give you a show soon enough... Just before I erase all of this from your memory. heheheheheheheh. Your going to be my puppet. Your going to lead the great Prometheus to what he needs to be complete."
"And what is that,exactly?"
Prometheus stops at a door."Why,the very thing that powers you and me,Meta. Those precious Tantulum crystals. The negative effects of your stronger abilities can be overridden,you just never saw past the 'horror' of the one possibility,and never understood the second. heheheheh. I've been changing you from the inside Meta... Made you perfect. The implosion created by a massive power drain... your death,can be avoided by using a second power source to supplant the drain. I hope that sheds some light on your existence,Michael. You and I were created to be expendable... to 'dissapear' after one final,glorious light show." He pushes the door open,sliding it into the wall. When he steps in,lights snap on,revealing an oblong container of a silver substance in the center. The walls are lined with cylindrical containers about the size of people,with a computer attached to each." This is where the Einda Prato were created Meta. A little base I set up so long ago. Time to finally shut it down,and move on to bigger fish." Prometheus walks up to vat in the center,and looks at his left hand one more time before dipping it in. The liquid climbs up his arm,coating it in a silver skin before merging with his armor,and forming a skeletal looking glove around his hand. "Hello old friend. It's so good to have you back in tow. heheheheh. Time for some mayhem. Can't let Kay mess things up and let those idiots see this,now can I?"
"What do you mean,Prometheus? Why do I recognize that name?"
"Oh,hush,you moron... The only clue I'll give you is this:Kay is from a time before you were you,and I was Prometheus. hehehehe. That should keep you guessing for a while... Now,to eliminate the evidence." Prometheus kick over the empty vat,and stands on it's pedestal. His right arm resumes it's cannon form,still seething with the black energy. After drawing his arm up to his jaw,he swings it downward in an arc.
"Corra Tomo,Seinvere!" Three blades of black energy form where his arm swung,and race into different objects along the walls,cutting through them,and then causing them to explode where they were cut. Prometheus repeats this a few times,until everything in the room is obliterated.
"Are you through?"
"I should say not! I'm going to bring down this ENTIRE COMPLEX!"
"None of my attacks have sufficient destructive power to accomplish such a feat."
"And that's where you're WRONG,dear Michael. You and I just need a little boost. heheheheheh. Diene Casra..." The Black aura around Prometheus is quickly overwhelmed by a different,lighter one. Golden energy floods into his arm cannon,and enhances his armor."Say goodbye to the last bit of your precious Celia's life force!"
"No... This... isn't possible..."
"Shen Ron Cerro!" A bolt a bright golden energy shoots from his arm canon,hitting the floor where it meets the wall in a far corner of the room. It expands quickly into a brilliant tower of golden light,shattering everything above,and turning it into vapor as it expands outward towards Prometheus. Prometheus jumps off of his pedestal,and takes a left out of the door,heading for the exit nearby. He runs down the corridor,quickly followed by the tower of light,and jumps out of the door just before it is swallowed. As the energy dissapates,Prometheus smiles manically again."So,Meta... What did you think?"
Silence
"Good. Silence from you is worth more than gold." He sits down at the base of a tree near where the door used to be. "Time to sleep,Michael. You won't remember any of this... it's so sad. You won't remember my brilliance. Anyway,naptime! heheheheheh. You'll lead me to the crystals,whether you want to or not. heheheheheheh" He closes his eyes,seeming like he's asleep.

Max stood crouched,eyeing Tabitha,and trying to figure out why she hadn't done anything but stand there for so long.
"So,who's going to attack? I'm getting just a LITTLE impatient here!"
As if a light had been switched on,Max's face lit up with understanding. He stood up from his ready position,getting confused looks from both of his comrades."I don't think so Tabitha. Your powers obviously need some kind on external energy source to activate. I am never giving you that chance." Max grabs a small stone near his foot,rolling it around in his palm for a moment. It begins to glow,and then elongates into a vicious looking trident."I wonder how well your attacks will do against me when you can't use them."
"heh... heheheheh... HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH!" 'Tabitha' throws her head back in sinister laughter,startling Max." You are the most... idiotic specimen I have ever brought back here! Do you REALLY think I'm dumb enough not to anticipate such an OBVIOUS tactic. Poor moron,I might actually unleash my full potential on you. How delightful!"
"Go ahead,Tabitha,I'm ready for it."
'Tabitha's' face turns red with anger." Stop calling me that already! May name is Kay Manix,remember!? I hate the STUPID,weak,name." She presses a hidden catch on the sleeve of her EGR,Causing a few clicks and whirs. A kind of hood folds up out of it,and covers her hair and ears. "From the sound of things,you'll be too stubbourn to be turned into an Einda Prato,like me. Oh well... Time for some FUN." The ear-pieces of her EGR light up a shift colors as they clamp onto her head. Upon doing so,Her eyes become blazing yellow circles,like superheated metal,and an equally powerfull aura,of the same color,envelopes her fully. "Too bad... the little sprite had it right. I do need an external power source. For me... That's sound of any sort. I prefer music though. It allows me to plan a fight by the patterns already provided... Goodnight,little lab rats!" The earpieces of her EGR glowed brighter,adn at the same time,Kay pointed her hand towards Max,releasing a searing beam of energy at him from her palm.
Max tries to avoid it,but the beam catches his right arm,burning it almost all the way through. He holds his trident in his other,intact,arm,gripping it tightly. The trident begins to glow,seeming to become see-through. He throws the trident at Kay,striking the door behind her... It explodes,burning through several inches of the door,but something isn't right... Kay's aura absorbs the energy of the shockwave.
Kay swings her arm in an arc,firing off small orbs of light that explode as they strike anything. Max finds another,larger stone,and makes a new weapon out of it. A shield,with long,thin spikes on the outside of it.
"Didn't you know,sprite? I can use kinetic energy too!" At this point a golden column of energy burns through the door behind Kay. She looks at it as it approaches,and gets a pleased look on her face." It looks like the Overlord himself has graced me with just wah I need to eliminate you in one... fell... swoop!" The wall of light touched her,merging with her aura,and begins flowing into her at the same time. Kay's aura intensifies as two tendrils of the golden energy snake down her arms,forming swordlike implements in her hands,both glowing so intensely they could be glanced at.
The wall of light dissipates,but Kay Manix is still standing,holding two swords of light,and cruel look in her eyes.
Max realizes what is going on,and lunges toward the back wall. He throws his shield at the wall with a loud grunt just as Kay swings both of her weapons in an 'X' shape,making waves of energy rocket toward Max,Greg,and Lucy. Max's shield glows as it hits the wall,exploding,making a hole big enough for one to pass through,luckily. Greg jumps through,followed by Lucy. Max jumps through just as the twin blades of golden light impact the wall,sending Max flying through the forest,until he hits a large boulder jutting out of the ground.
Inside the room,Kay Manix watches pieces of the ceiling fall to the ground where her prey was. "Stupid rodents... I'll get you eventually,though. Don't worry. heheheh. Or at least,the Overlord will allow me to execute you when you're captured."
Meta stood in a grassy yard,seemingly manicured,with a one story house behind him. All of the windows are fogged up beyond the point of recognizing what is behind them. Suddenly,two faceless figures stand in front of him,much taller than he is,which seems to be around four foot at the moment.
"We will miss you,son... we truly will." A male voice calls out from nowhere,yet everywhere at the same time.
The shorter of the two,supposedly the mother,leaned down to Meta's level,trying to stare into his soul with her featureless face. "Your eyes... they are so beautiful,Michael..." She cups his face in her hand lovingly." Such a beautiful violet color... I'll miss them most of all."
The scene shifts to a rocky outcropping,and the one caressing Meta's cheek is now... Celia. "I always did love you,you fool. I always... will." She turns into gray dust,and is scattered by the wind,to Meta's horror.
Meta wakes up with a startled lurch from the tree he's leaning against,instantaneously attaining his frenzy mode. He barely manages to keep from creating a crater in the middle of the forest before he calms down,as his arm cannon sputters out of control,flinging tiny bolts of energy in all directions to sear the foliage.
"It was only... a dream." He said,while rubbing his brow with his left hand,trying to convince himself of that fact more than anything.

"...Isn't good. It's already invaded most of his combat programming,including the frenzy stage two we were working on. If we don't eradicate that virus soon,we might not be able to control him. Poor guy will be watching himself go on a rampage,while seeing it happen through a peephole in his brain..."
Blackness was the only theme in view,invading every corner with it's deceitful roominess. The voice is the only discernable clue,whatever it was supposed to mean.
"Did you detain the intruder?"
A second voice answers,as indistinct as the last.
"Yeah... She put up a heck of a fight though. Never thought a super would try to break in here. Let alone a sprite. I thought they were on our side this time?"
"They are. That one must be a rogue... Geez,what did we do to deserve this kind of catastrophe. Especially HIM."
The darkness clears a little bit,partially revealing a cement wall,painted a dingy green. The small circle of color shifts,showing a left arm,apparently the arm of the one seeing it. However,there was no feeling present,even as the hand flexed.
A third voice rings out,twisted and seemingly electronically generated.
"So... you swine dare to restrain me,hmmmm? I will make sure you die a slow and agonizing death when I get free."
A short and slim man steps into view,blurred a little by the proximity. "Yeah,sure,I'll believe that,IF you get free. Let me remind you,we designed the very functions you're taking ove,meaning we know how to hold you,no matter what tricks you pull.
"Yet you could not contain me before I managed to destroy nearly seventy percent of this facility. How pathetic!"
The lab coated man leans in. "That's because your a nasty little cockroach that sucks the life out of people,quite literally. Seventy percent in one shot is impressive,but we still got you,didn't we? Now,your..." He looks at his watch,which is on his right arm. "Sixteen minute existance will be coming to an end soon enough,when we erase Michael's computerized memory. Pffffft!" He makes an outward motion with his hands,depicting an explosion. "You are toast,and so is that lady that smuggled you in here."
"Heh. Too bad I'm the one who put this all into motion. This entire world will be mine one day."
"Sure,I believe you. "The man rolls his eyes before walking away mumbling something about malfunctioning technology."That thing got in his psycho-divider... that's how the stinking thing became intelligent. Son of a..." The sound of a door closing,with a bang,reverberates. Not long afterward,glass panes,bordered by a metallic substance,drop downward.
A few moments later,black tendrils of energy begin to circle,covering the small field of vision that was available to begin with. For a moment,a starry sky can be seen above,but blackness invades again,blotting everything out.
Meta jolts to consciousness,accidently firing a bolt of blue energy at a tree directly in front of him. The flare of light blanks out the,barely,pre-dawn sky. As the light from the blast,and his eyes,fades,a chunk of ice begins forming on the tree,jutting outward in obscure angles as it grows. Once it grows to twice the diameter of the tree,and over ten feet in height,the area covered by the blue crystal shatters,evaporating and drifting away. Of course,the upper portion of the fifty foot tall tree fell to the ground with a mighty,earthshaking,thud,waking Max and Celia with a start.
"Well,I know not to be around you when your cranky." Max remarked after catching his breath.
Celia just sits there,stunned for a moment. "Are you alright Michael?" She Started getting up and walking toward Meta,worried for him,and herself.
"I'm ok,I think. Just a very vivid nightmare. At least I know some part of me still,persistently,remains human." Meta's arm transforms back into a hand,and the illusions that have been covering it for so long reengage.
"Please never do that again." Max says,with an all too fake smile on his face.
As Celia begins to turn away,Meta's face becomes contorted with... pain. His hands hold his ears as his mouth gapes open,and eyes glow like beacons of blinding electric blue. After a moment,his eyes flash a deadly red,before he falls to the ground,unconscious,with Celia standing over him.

A slow moving sense of moisture caught Meta's attention as it slowly glided down the right side of his head. He still lay against the tree,bewildered at the crumbling ruin that had been a building only moments ago. He raised his right hand up,now cloaked in illusions once again so as to appear normal,to see what it was. He brought his hand in front of his face.
It was blood. It spread down his face from somewhere on the right side of his head. As he felt around to see the cause,a startling fact came to light. A section of armor on his head was fractured,and blood gushed from the head wound like a river,with no sign of his repair systems kicking in to repair the damage. He had only a few moments to analyze the situation,before a slender,curved blade found its way toward his neck from behind the tree.
"So... you can bleed."
Lucy's voice rang out from behind the trunk,flat as all the times before. She stepped out into the open,still holding the blade to Meta's jugular. "Did you do this?" She gestures to the crumbling remains of their destination with her free hand. "The only other group of energies I sensed in that building... I assume you were forced to fight,and unleashed your full power. How did you survive the beam of light? It seemed to swallow all that it touched."
"I...I... Don't know. I have no recollection of a battle currently. I have received a cranial fracture recently. That could have been enough to render my short term memory matrix inert for a short time." He touches the fractured plate once more,and a silver blob forms over it,quickly stopping the bleeding,and fixing the slight cave that was there... but something was off. Where one piece of armor once was,two sections resided. Meta dismissed the notion quickly. "Where are Max,Samuel,and Tabitha?"
Lucy removes the blade,sheathing it behind her back before speaking. "Max is currently scouting out a Super that fled the scene,seperate from the ones we encountered,to see his intentions..."
"His? How can you be sure?" Meta gave a questioning look.
"I noticed him trying to sneak past while we were resting. It was clearly Benjamin,which is no surprise after the events of today. As for Tabitha and Sam... They were moles. Tabitha was leading us there to become lab rats for an ancient entity known only by the name of "Supreme Overlord" in texts. She claimed to be part of that figure's royal army,the Einda Prato,and her powers are proof enough of that. No natural ability like that has ever appeared in Sprite history." She meets Meta's gaze and offers him a hand to stand,noting his charred hair,and burned clothes. "If you were not in a battle,you were at least targeted at some point."
Meta stood without her help,graciously refusing the proffered hand,and examined himself. "It would appear that you are correct. All of the available evidence leads to that conclusion..."
"Hey META!" A short person with black hair drops from the tree behind Meta,attempting to startle him.
"I am assuming that you were unable to follow Benjamin?" Meta said while turning towards Max,his face blank as always,staring downward due to his friend's small stature.
"Well... yeah,I lost him,sorry. That guy is FAST... Meta,I've never been able to get that close to you before,without you calling me out,you okay?" Max posed,clearly concerned at the new develpoement.
"Unfortunately,due to unrecoverable memory data,I am unable to give an explanation,but you are correct. My sensors,and other systems are being affected by injuries I recieved at some point..."
Lucy decides to cut him off,having moved into Max's view from behind Meta's imposing bulk. "I am afraid that a recap from you would be far too long at the moment. We must return to the Hall of Elders. What happened today will not be taken as a good sign by the council. This most likely means war is inevitable at this time,even though the other side is most likely not responsible for this incident itself." Lucy starts walking away from the extra crispy laboratory behind them,with Meta and Max following behind. They headed back toward the cities secret entrance to the hall that they exited earlier.
Nearly three hours of slow trudging later,the trio made their way into the military section of the great hall,completely bypassing human onlookers and the like as they descended into the hidden entrance just outside of the bustling city. They reported straight to the meeting room,where each used their personal stations to submit reports and he like.
Each action was solemn,as if in mourning for lost friends. Even Max was toned down to silence at the time. The next meeting of elders wasn't for three days,so each of them was given leave until then,due to what they had been through. Meta sat at the table in the center,calculating,as the other two left.
"You know,I was once a person you know. A bright young Sprite that wanted to see the world. Too bad you polluted my mind all that time ago. Then you took away what little I had left to hang onto. My sanity... my freedom... all of it. Now,I'm just a mindless and disposable,mass-produced,warrior. Why'd you do it,Meta? Why?"
The voice came from across the table. Meta glanced up from the obsolete map,to be met by Tabitha's face. "I do not understand. Max said you had fled after the battle... what are these acts you speak of?" Meta was truly confused,staring intently at Tabitha as she sat there,with pleading eyes.
"You were the one who couldn't subdue him,Meta. All of the atrocities in the past,and all those in the future,will be YOUR fault,Meta. Turns out your just some filthy halfling just like everyone said,with diluted abilities,and incapable of doing anything correct." Her expression becomes sad,and enraged at the same time."You SLAUGHTERED my FAMILY before my eyes,Meta!" She starts to cry slightly at the painful memories. "You've killed so are far past redeemable,Michael. Even if I could forgive you,there are far too many just like me that never will. You deserve to rot in hell,you halfling scum!"
"I... don't know of what you speak... I'm sorry..." he bows his head slightly,trying to keep from tearing out his own hair from hearing the old insult that assaulted him so many times.
"You really think... that's enough... Michael? Heh... heheheheh... You are insane. Just as I thought. No one could ever care for you at this rate. All you've done has stained you scarlet,dear Meta..." Her face becomes more and more grim as she speaks. "A color that never washes off. Not for you. You will always be a marked being when they find out abot you,dear Michael. All they can do is fear and pity you... just like she did..." Tabitha's eyes shine a bright scarlet as she finishes.
Meta stands for a moment,with Tabitha following him with her gaze.
"SHUT UP!"
Those words echo down the halls of the empty section of hallway as Meta completely obliterates the conference table with a swift punch to its center. Shards of wood and metal fly across the room as Tabitha's image fades.

"Meta?..."
"Michael!?"
"Those voices... right Max... and Celia..."
"Wake up already!"
Max slaps Meta across the face a few times,trying to wake him up from his inpromtu 'nap' he started the previous day. Celia paced,and Max readied one more barrage... before Meta caught Max's hand mid-flight.
"I normally eliminate those who strike me." Meta states slowly,so only Max can hear,with his eyes still scurries away faster than he has ever moved before at the threat,before finally hitiing a tree and falling to the ground. Meta rises slowly,chacking for external injuries for a moment before Celia sees him,and turns his way.
"Are you alright,Michael? Your aura signature wavered and shifted wildly... to a rather dark one I've never seen before..." She looks down,worried about whether she should continue. What she had witnessed had been prophesied about many years ago... and was feared across the Super community,by all species.
"Everything appears to be functioning properly,except for my sensors. There is nothing to worry about." Meta tries to sound reasurring,hiding a slew of problems that would normally lead to his temporary shutdown,barely pulling it off.
"That's good... I must ask you something though..."
"Please do." Meta sat back down,observing Max staring with fear at him from nearly thirty feet away.
" Have you ever heard the prophesy of the Supreme one?" Meta nods a negative. "It is an ancient tale of a dark time. One being with unprecedented powers is supposed to cause chaos and sorrow across the world... The one in question is supposed to have an aura of blackness,of pure death... Your aura changed to that color as your eyes flashed yesterday Michael."
"How likely is this to actually happen?"Meta becomes worried at hearing that information,remembering the events of the previous day.
"Most have dismissed that legend as something used to scare little children,and the like,but there are many who still believe those events will happen. No one knows when,but... I'm probably overreacting... I'm sorry,Michael. Many Supers exhibit that aura when on death's door as well. It might not be an uplifting explanation... but I think it's most likely..." Celia's gloom deepens,not sure what Meta is anymore. He could easily be the one of legend from his sheer power...
"I am glad that is not the case,Celia. I apologize if I startled you. There must have been a malfunction that had to be cleared without warning." Meta lied... boldfaced lied... but something made him believe that was the truth.

The next day,Max,Lucy,and Meta sat in that same meeting room,planning their next move. Two of them had had some time to think,so they were calm and relaxed,whereas Meta appeared to be death itself as he sat in one of the metal chairs,facing the others.
Lucy started speaking as soon as she sat,breaking the awkward silence that allowed the sound of the leftover EGR's shuffling in the artificial breeze created by the ventilation. "I know you are both familiar with the event we experienced recently. Especially Tabitha's betrayal,and attempt at using us for the next round of experiments,as she described briefly..."
"No kidding! She tried to KILL us,Lucy. I think you're taking this a little lightly." Max interjected,far too enthusiastic for the current situation,as usual.
"I know that,Max,I merely believe we should use this information to present an argument to the Elders. Then they might take this threat to heart,and fianlly believe that the dark side is preparing for war." She tilts her head,gazing at Max.
"That's quite a round-a-bout way to say that. What good would it do anyway?"
"We may be able to assemble sufficient resistance to this nemesis now that we know some of the capabilities a member has... assuming the rest are on par,or more powerful than the example we have." Meta responded,not looking up from the shard of wood he missed while cleaning up his mess the previous day.
"Yeah,that'll do a lot of good. We talk to some crusty old codgers while the world goes to hell around us. GREAT plan." Max contradicts Meta. "I think we might as well just try the good old cloak and dagger,destroy 'em from within stuff. It's worked before,and we can just blame it on rebels. Works every time."
Lucy nods her head,disagreeing. "That would be suicide. You and I together were not enough to even touch Tabitha. How would we fare if we were faced with several adversaries of that power level?" She waits for a moment,but cuts Max off just as he is about to speak. "We would die,wothout leaving our comrades on this side any inkling of the situation. I motion we stand before the elders,and make a plea to gather all the armies of the light coalition,including the sprites."
Max bows his head,surrendering. "Sure,yeah,let's do it. I'd rather die and leave something behind,then not be remembered for my sacrifice."
Lucy turns to Meta,who is still staring intently at the floor. "Do you agree?" She receives a silent affirmative from Meta,but nothing more. "I will be the one to stand before them. Both of you will have to search through the ancient records for buried information on our enemies. I have already obtained the pass to the hall of records." She hands a small slip of paper to Max,who reads it,mouthing the words on it's surface. Lucy stands,and leaves,showing no emotion as usual.
Max stands,and steps over to Meta,before flicking him on the back of the back of the head. Meta's head rises,and Max gets a death glare that only Tabitha could have matched. Meta's eyes are puffy and red rimmed,with dark circles underneath. His hair is frazzled,seeming more unkempt than normal. Max stoops to Meta's eye level. "Are you okay? You look like crap."
"Thank you for the observation." Meta replies,slightly sarcastically. "I am fine,or I will be in time." He gets out of chair,quickly dwarfing Max as he rises,and heads for the door,with Max close on his heels.. They both take a right turn in the stone hall,and head toward the slight decline in its contour.
Lucy sat in the blandly decorated waiting room,some hours after her arrival,still waiting for her turn to speak in the daily meeting of the elders in the coalition. Being a vampire,she was accustomed to waiting and time meant nothing to her as she sat. She decided to listen in on the meeting,as it had already been in session for some time.
"...motion to cut this session short,as we have made significant progress in many affairs. I thank you for your time." The slamming of some kind of metal on stone sounds,and shuffling feet can be heard through the thin curtain hanging in the entrance to the meeting hall. Lucy heard this,and a dumbfounded expression crossed her face. She quickly leapt up from her seat in the row of ten waiting chairs in the entrance and waiting room. She crossed the boundary imposed by the crimson curtain,contrasting against the bleached stone. The,previously,eight foot roof,heightened to nearly a hundred,as the space of the hall invaded her vision. Row after row of seats lined the hall,mostly empty,around a semi-circle stage,where the elders,in their resplendant robes of varying hues,filed out into a back door. A pair of orange eyes catches Lucy's attention from the exit they were taking,quickly fading into the darkness as the lights in the cathedral themed auditorium were dimmed,and eventually extinguished.
"This does not seem correct. I was garaunteed audience today." She strides out of the room,toward the waiting area,but falls short as the floor falls out from under her,plunging Lucy into absolute darkness,accompanied by only a feeling of plummeting. She looks up,and sees that same pair of orange eyes looking at her from the entrance to the pit she was falling into,squinted as if laughing at her from a distance.
"Hey,Meta,you got anything yet!?" Max's voice rang out in the near black,bookshelf lined,room they currently occupied. The shelves reaching up to twelve feet n height,crammed to the point of breaking with all shapes and sizes of books.
"No,I have not. I do not believe we are far enough back in the records to find anything of consequence at this point." Meta moves to another row,rounding the corner to start evaluating another shelf.
"I hate fact finding missions... Especially ones that need height!" Max jumps to grab at a book,but misses his mark,making a dust cloud puff out from nowhere as he lands on his feet,coughing abruptly. "This is the last room anyway. There is nothing beyond this,unless there was a cave in or something,but I find that unlikely."
"There has been no evidence of that." Meta stops suddenly,looking at a wholly unoccupied area in the shelving. "I believe I found the problem. There are noe records. They are gone."
Max rushes over,taking a little time to cover the distance,and find Meta. He looks at the empty wooden bookceas,and then the full ones on either side. "That's just wonderful,ain't it? Leta's go tell Lucy,so we can quit this charade."
"I am that which is unseen..."
Meta reacts to the voice on instinct,his cannon arm revealing itself quickly,half scaring Max in the process.
"Meta,are you insane!? If you set that thing off in here,we might just have a cave in!" Max backs off,gazing at Meta,bewildered by his friends actions.
"Did you not hear that?" Meta spins,trying to locate the source with his sensors through thousands of books,and much wood.
"I am that which encompasses all..."
"That voice... I recognize it." Meta stops as Max looks at him,utterly terrified.
"Who... who is it,then,Meta?" Max asked shakily,barely holding his composure.
"My name is synonymous with death..."
A shadow like entity forms near the very back wall of the records hall,sporting blazing red eyes as its very essence seemed to waver. Meta waste no time. He unleashed three blasts from his cannon arm in rapid succession,all passing through the entity,and striking the wall behind it,causing the ghost to disipate rapidly,with a sinister laugh.
"It won't be that easy,dear Meta. I won't let you find out with such lackadaisical effort. heheheheheheheh..."
Cracks begin to form in the off white stone of the wall,spreading onto the ceiling with unnatural haste. The roof itself begins to warp under the strain of thousands of tons of soil above,plust the city on top of that. Meta and Max both ran for the exit at inhman speeds,hurried by the thought of impending death. They both made it to the staircase leading to that level before an omnous,and deafening crack emanated from the records hall,signalling the roof had given way.
"ARE YOU FREAKING INSANE!?" Max jumps up and punched Meta in the face with enough force to leave a mark,and for Meta to stumble slightly. 'What exactly is wrong with you?"
Meta just stares at the ground,unsure what to say.
"I... I... do not know what is happening..."

After a thorough talking to by Celia to Meta,all three moved on from their rest place,requiring them to rouse Max from his paralyzed state. They were,in a word,succesful,as they all headed toward the underground city ahead.
Max gave Meta a sideways glance,still nervous about what Meta had said. Besides,Meta seemed like that type. Meta saw this,and spoke,breakng through the serene peace of the forest,with its chirping birds,and flora waving in the breeze. "I assure you,you are in no danger." Meta ressured Max,unnable to see why Max had taken the statement so seriously. Max seemed to relax as they strode through the terrain,it's constitution becoming more and more rocky as they moved on,causing trees to grow at strange angles,instead of straight like before.
Celia glances behind them,worried about the storm behind them. They hadn't made quite as much progress as she would've liked,while heading towards the city,and the gray,ominous clouds conspired to overtake them. She held her tongue,knowing that their destination was not far now. They simply walked in silence,each one assessing the other,as if they were now unsure of their comrades.
Some time later,after hours of walking,Meta Celia,and Max reached the edge of the forest,and were met by a sheer drop cliff,with a stone vallry beneath,littered by shrubs and other plants that barely found purchase in the stone. This path was used by many,so there was a saircase of sorts leading down the cliff,carved into its surface neatly,with even precision,zig-zagging back and forth as it proceeded to meet the ground below.
Meta stops at the egde,wavering at the thought of climbing down the aged set of stairs,as Celia and Max proceeded down,unhindered. He moved to the edge to follow,stepping into the niche that led to the first stpes,but a tearing noise stopped them all as soon as Meta started down.
A pair of orange,glowing eyes showed themselves from the dark boundary of the forest,squinted as if their owner was grinning mischievously. As they disappeared,leaving no trace of their existance behind,the source of the cacophonous noise revealed itself without warning. A massive tree that had grown in a patch of soil in the rocky ooutrcopping,had begun to tip,leaning right in Meta's direction. It began to fall in earnest,and impacted the ground,pointing out nearly straight from the cliff,dangerously close to Max and Celia,but aimed precisely at Meta.
Meta raised his arms in a crossed pattern,bracing for the impact of the tree as it landed,not giving him enough time to phaze out of danger. He was only a few steps down,so most of his upper half was above the level of the plateau of the forest. The tree impacted his defense savagely,splitting where it hit,and causing Meta to brace against it. The top portion of the tree fell to the ground,spinning end ove end until it hit the bottom with a mighty crash,and Meta let the other part rest on the plateau.
Just as Meta believed the predicament to be over,and he began to prgress down the stairs again,they gave way beneath him,weakened by the mighty tree he deflected. Max and Celia stared in horror as Meta tumbled to the bottom of the valley,making nearly as much noise as the tree when he hit bottom. They both raced to the end of the staircase in fear,unsure of what state Meta was in.

Max and Meta stood in the spiral,stone,staircase,lit brightly by torches in the wall,gicing everything a midieval atmosphere as Max spoke.
"So... is there anything you might want to tell me Michael?" Max asked solemnly,staring Meta down,despite his short stature. "You've been having those hallucinations again,haven't you? "
Meta's face lost all emotion,reverting to his standard expression. "No,I have not." He lied,and not all to well.
"That's a load of bull. Why else would you go soldier on me,and shoot up a records room,and then have it nearly COLLAPSE on us? Prometheus must be back... You need to shut down and purge him,before everything goes to hell in a badly woven handbasket!" Max starts up the stairs,Meta following quietly,his eyes glazed over,as if his spirit was not present anymore. They reached the top,and made their entrance into the main records hall,which was much more well lit. "You're coming with me Meta. I'm not letting you hurt anyone this time,even yourelf." Max moved to the exit,but Meta did not follow,the ever present light in his eyes fading. Max looked back,wondering what was going on,before finally grabbing Meta's right hand,the illusion fading as if Meta no longer had control over it. Max led him to the exit,and out into the hallway,leading up to the barracks,and general storage areas,as well as the team meeting rooms. They both proceeded up the hall,passing seams in the bleached stone. Something happenned when they passed the door for storage...
Meta seemed to regain his presence of mind. He pulled against Max,stopping them both dead in their tracks. Max,confusedly,glanced at Meta. "What wrong?" Before he could get anything else out of his mouth,Meta smiled,sinisterly,at Max. "Good morning,Max. How have you been?" Meta's grip on Max tightens to the point of pain.
"Oh,SHI..." Is all Max gets out,as Meta delivers a swist uppercut to his midsection,rendering him breathless,and flings him down the corridor,to be met by a stone wall,head on. "And that takes care of the guard. heheheheheheh... It's finally time... I finally found it." Meta's eyes begin to inherit a reddish tinge,as he pushes open the door to the storage area. Through it,is a set of wide stairs,leading into the depths below,and darkness. Meta heads downward,his eyea providing an errie light as he prceeds. "Come to me,my precious!" He mumbles over and over,as if obssessed,but not completely in control.
Meta reaches the bottom after several minutes,glancing around absent mindedly at wooden crates,shelves full of shperical objects,and doors in the walls leading off in tanjents to other areas. The ceiling is again,around twelve feet tall,like the records hall.
He heads toward the right,walking slowly,trying to reach his destination,without seeming to know what it was. Meta entered the first door in the wall,and heads in,to find a room much like the one he just exited... but that somehow brings him joy,as he smiles again,and proceeds to the rear of the room,taking a few minutes to reach there due to the sheer vastness of the area.
He stops at the obstructing structure,gazing on it as if it were a long lost friend. He places his right hand upon it's surface,and feeling a warmth that stone does not possess. "Found yooooooooou..." He whispers,while his right arm changes,flashing with red energy this time. He fires a single blast,leaving a crater in the stone. He fires again,widening the blast mark,and again. The third time,a gaping hole opens in the wall,revealing a cavern behind it. This recess exudes an orange light,that fills the entire hall. "Heheheheheheh... now,to business." He reaches into the cavern,grasping what's inside.
Meanwhile,Lucy awoke,in total,pitch black,consuming,darkness. She struggled,realising that thick,silver chains held her in place.
"Welcome,my dear."
The voice was corrupted,as if electronically,while still possessing human qualities.
"Welcome... to your death... and corresponding rebirth."
A single pair of eyes revealed themselves in the darkness,shiny so brightly they almost hurt due to the sudden contrast. "You will be a very useful pawn,my dear,as a new series of warrior... in service of the great one..."
Those eyes flashed orange,before vanishing again,leaving Lucy to her thoughts. She mentally ran through every historical reference she had read,eventuall finding 'the great one' in her memory.
"The Supreme Overlord..."

Max and Celia nearly ran to the bottom of the cliff,nearly falling several times along the way. They reached the bottom,and bolted straight to where Meta had,not altogether gracefully,landed. There was a crater in the ground,signifying his fall from several hundred feet above,and smoke rose from the edges. They inspected the crater in the stone,but found no trace of Meta,as if he had disappeared.
"Isn't this a little big for him just hitting the ground?" Max asked,thinking about Meta's fall.
"I don't know... He's heavier than he looks..." Celia appeared downcast,only the most grim of situations running through her mind. "Maybe he's go..."
"Hey,what's that!?" Max exclaimed,seeing a skid mark on the stone,pointing away from the cliff,and towards a ridge of rock that pointed nearly straight into the air,easily reaching twenty feet in height. It's twisted,fractured,and carved surfaced marred further by an impact on the side facing them. Max noticed this,and began to run towards it,with Celia following a moment later,as she too solved the puzzle.
They both reach the stone,with the wind blowing Max's hair,and Celia's brown dress. They see the dent in the stone,and the shape of a person embedded in the gound infront of it,as if someone flopped down into the small bit of soil there. There is a small spray of blood,accompanied by a silvery liquid on other areas.
Max steps up,and looks at the scene,not quite sure what to make of it. As he surveys,Max sees a pattern of blood heading away from the stone,growing smaller as it went. "He isn't dead,he's just hurt. I think he moved on,thinking we might not see this."
"Are you sure,I don't think anything that couldn't fly would survive a fall from that height..." Celia looks at the crimson stains on the stone's surface,her mood matching the steadily gathering clouds overhead,which had now caught up,obscuring the sun from view,and adding a moist breeze to the atmosphere.
Max points toward the right of the rock."Well,there are blood stains heading that way,right to the city. I'm assuming you told him which way it was,so I guess he's heading there. Meta sure is one scary bastard." Max smiles,looking up to Celia to meet her hopeful gaze.
"I won't tell him you said that."
In the distance,a protrusion of stone nearly as tall as the cliff Meta fell from,breaks the smooth contour of the valley. almost as if they conspired to do so in advance,two opposing slabs create a point in the air,creating a shelter beneath. Elaborate gates house themselves within this shelter,artistic curvature presenting itself proudly on their faces. A single person struggles up to them,and falls in a cloud of dust as he falls,face first,in front of those gates,a small pool of blood running down the back of his head as he lays there.

Meta stood there,his arm implanted firmly in the orange light,which illuminated much of the bare stone room,casting foreboding shadows where shelves,or piles of artifacts stood. He raises his head,one eyes burning scarlet,while the other remained a blinding electric blue. "This is why you don't use an enemy's conquered headquaters as your government's base." A wide smile crosses his face as his eyes narrow. "You poor fools are making this far too easy. heheheheheheheh." His laughter echoed in the,hall like,room,as Meta withdraws his arm from the light,holding a bright,septagonal crystal in his metallic hand. "Hello,precious." He pulls up his shirt on the right side,showing a distinct circular shape embedded in his lower abdomen,and reaches for the indentations on both sides of the purple-ish metal. An abject pops out,slightly bigger than his hand,leaving an equal size cavity behind,with glowing conduits lining the inside perimeter. The object id more spherical then anything,with a slightly flattened side where it would face outward. Wrapping his human fingers around it,Meta presses five indentations on the outside equator of the sphere,breaking it's almost smooth surface. It pops open,in half,with an internal hinge holding the two equal halves together,revealing six seven sided slots on the inside,four around where the two halves seperate,and two placed on each side of the rim they create. Meta stares into the crystal for a memoent,his eyes narrowing,and the grin he sports somehow becoming wider. "Now is the time... My goal will finally be accomplished. heheheheheheheh..." He grips the crystal tightly,it's orange light flashing as he turns it,and inserts it into one slot inside the sphere he holds. "This war will be amusing... I wonder if they'll even put up a decent fight. heheheheh" His eyes both flash that deadly red as he licks his lips,and proceeds to extract five more of the crystals from the wall,placing each in a slot. "Delicious..." He closes the sphere when all six crystal slots are full,causing the conduits buried in its surface to flare to life with the same orange light the crystals emitted,pulsing regularly along its surface. He places it back in its cavity slowly,energy arcing between the pairs of conduits until it seats in place,and the sphere's anchors engage again.
An orange aura forms around Meta,blazing outwards,overwhelming the light from the fissure in the wall,less than a foot away. Meta's mouth hangs open in a smile fit for the devil himself as it fades,the normal purple color returning to his cybernetic components. "This is what I meant... dear Michael..." He clenches his right fist,and a black aura envelopes it. "You are now the perfect tool for my conquest. It is now time for us to take our rightful place as king... No... The Supreme Overlord!'
His mutated laughter rings hollow through the hallways for a moment,it's volume increasing,before disappearing completely. Meta's eyes lose all of their color for a moment,before returning to their normal blue glow,if not a slight bit dimmed. He walks to the massive doorway he passed through a few minutes ago,and opens his arm canon,it's purple energy arcing with increased potency from before,and he fires a single shot to the left of the fissure of orange light,firing. A bolt of energy nearly as large as him arcs forth,colliding with the wall opposite,obliterating what little structural value was left. As the hall imploded,Meta was swept back by the blast,landing unconscious near the stairs.
Lucy's eyes were still being assaulted by the darkness,it's imperceptible depth playing tricks on her as she tried to gaze through it. Reasonably speaking,she shouldn't even be having this problem,due to her heritage,but the problem still vexed her with all its might.
Just as mysteriously as they had disappeared,the only company she had had for the duration of her imprisonment returned,not all to welcome. "Still struggling,are we?"
"I thought that was a prisoner's sole responsibility?" Lucy stays deathly still,only speaking.
"Oh,this one has a sharp tongue,how refreshing!" Those orange eyes approach,growing larger,higher,and brighter as they do. "Are you ready,pet? I think you will be more than powerful enough to be an honored soldier in the great one's army. I hope you serve him well."
Lucy could still not see anything,but she felt a needle press against her neck,cold as ice as it penetrated to the major artery underneath. A silvery liquid spread from the poind,spreading like diseased tendrils underneath her skin,invading muscle,skin,and bone as it progressed,growing darker in color as it progressed deeper. It reached all of the way up her face,reaching one of her eyes,and a faint glow began to appear in her,nearly black,iris,making it look as if she had a whit pupil,instead of the normal black.
"What... is... This?" She asked,consumed by the pain wherever the silver liquid spread,squirming to escape,but having no luck.
"Why,my dear..." The pair of eyes flash brighter,and narrow,as its their owner is once again smiling down on Lucy. "This is your rebirth."

Blurred objects and fuzzy shapes passed by Meta's vision,never completely clearing so he could see what they were. On thing was for certain,they were moving,and so was he. Meta felt himself being jostled back and forth,and heard garbled echoes of panicked voices around him,but nothing was tangible,or understandable... until one voice,much like his own rang out.
"Hello... Michael... I think it's time we speak." The voice had an electronic quality to it,but Meta clearly recognized it as his own,as it echoed in his ears,just above the ambiance he was unable to make out.
"Who... are you?..." He whispered
"I... am you,dear Michael. Only better. heheheheheh..."
"Well,these stains are still pretty fresh Celia,I'm not sure how else to take this. He couldn't have just... POOF!... turned into mist and drifted away,right?" Max and Celia ambled along the dusty rock bed,going farther and farther away fro the forest,following the ever rising ridges of stone that pointed nearly straight up into the air,bowing away from them slightly,pointing the wind toward the intricate gates ahead as dust and sand danced about.
"At this point... I do not know,Max... I understand so little of what Michael said to me before,let alone what has been happening as of late." She looks at the nearest red stain,it's diameter slightly less than the last,slightly hidden by the sand that the increasing wind strength moved occasionally.
"Well,either way,MY bet is the stone city. They tend to be nice to outsiders... as far as I can remember..." Max scratches his head,dislodging some sand. "... so he should be okay if he made it there. Goodness knows he's scary enough to do it."
"What does that have to do with it?" Celia looked down toward Max as he gazed ahead.
"Michael could decimate entire countries with the power I've seen so far... that's what I mean by scary. A little bump on the head won't stop him." Max became solemn again,furrowing his brow. "Whatever the hell he is,Michael scares me. I believe his story about how he got here too. The future makes itself more intimidating and unknown every time we think we know what's going to happen." He speeds up a little,actually reaching a walking speed for Celia,as she hastens to match his haste.
"You may be right... but he still has a heart. That's what counts."
"Yeah,maybe,but whatever has a vice grip on his heart is what I'm worried about." Max says,and breaks into a run,pulling ahead. "That's why I won't leave that fool alone. I won't let him do anything to hurt those people. He yells back to Celia,as she speeds up too.
"It's sad... but I almost agree..." Celia whispers.
"Whe...Where am I?" Meta asks,feeling weightless in the blackness,his eyes providing the only visible light.
"You are in my domain,Meta."
A reddish glow appears,like a border,but not solid in any way. A flickering mass appears,about the size of a man,and shimmers as if it was made of mist. It almost forms into the a human shape,but it still stays insubstantial as it floats in front of Meta. Red lights appear in the shape of eyes where its head,supposedly,is.
"Who are you then?" Meta gestures toward the shadow,where the voice came from.
"I... am your friend,Michael. I am the only one who can give you the power you need to protect those you care about..." The apparition's eyes flashed brighter.
"And I am supposed to take the word of a ghost,who is most likely a result of my recent fall?" Meta crosses his arms,not conviced,and raises hi eyebrow.
 "I have been here much longer than that Michael. I am the one you spoke to during your examination... the one who helped you learn to utilize your new powers,when you could not."
"I do not believe you,and I never will. You are merely a shadow in my subconcious. By the time I awaken,you will have been purged." Meta nods.
 "Unlikely." The black ghost somehow grows smug. "I will always be here,Michael."
"No. You will not. I will not allow such an insulting presence exist." Meta releases the illusions around him,and readies his arm cannon.
The ghost just disappears,with a cackle that echoes constantly,nearly deafening Meta. In the single moment he flinches,the apparition has enveloped him,and begun to choke Meta,it's expressionless face still maintaining its smug attitude as it clamps down on his air.
 "I does not matter how you struggle against me,dear Michael,you are merely my puppet anyway. You have chosen the hard path for yourself... the painful road. I hope understand what will happen now..."
Meta stares blankly at the shadow,starting to become unconscious,just as the shadow's face distorts,and reshapes itself... into his features,accompanied by a sneer,and blazing scarlet eyes,instead of his blue ones.
Everything fades to black for Meta,leaving him to fend off the void as he floats aimlessly,not comprehending anything of what just transpired.

All stayed quiet through the night in the great hall. No sounds of crumbling stone,no raucous and disturbing laughter,and most importantly,none of the elders shuffling slowly in the halls.
Just above the sets of records halls,Meta sat in the infirmary,watching over Max as he slept. In reality,there was no reason for him to worry,for Sprites heal quickly,and supposedly cannot feel pain. However,something still vexed Meta to the core of his very soul.
"I attacked an ally... with no provocation..." His normally stony face became saddened,as if a statue was about to weep. His eyes retained a hushed glow,highlighting his mood as well. "Now is the time Max... I must now leave to protect these people from myself. There is no reason to shed unnecessary blood." As he tried to stand from his metal chair,in the dim light,and within the stony walls of the great hall,a hand grasped his as he turned.
"You always were an idiot,Michael. To the very end."
Meta spun upon hearing the voice of his friend,and returned to his,sadly unemotional,self,as he sat again.
Max at up,covered in bandages on his right eye,and his arm was held in a clear bandage with black wires running down the length of it. He blinked the sleep away,and smiled,wincing slightly. "I'm alright,don't worry. Interesting the ceiling decided to fall right then,eh?" He chuckles lightly,leading to a coughing fit he quickly calms. "Good thing you got me outta there,huh. Guess I owe you my life again."
Meta just sits there,bewildered,put on guard by Max's revelation. "That can not be what transpired,Max. It is utterly impossible." He nearly whispers,visibly starting to sweat. "I... I..."
"You...You...You got me out of a situation I most CERTAINLY would have died in if you weren't ther. Why the heck are you so nervous,Michael? It's not like you." Max lays back down,admiring the off white stone of the ceiling,barely high enough for Meta to walk under,and the crystal like ornaments in the walls that provided the meager light,and cast long shadows everywhere. "Just go get some sleep. Goodness knows you need it more than I do at this point."
Meta opens his mouth to respond,but an abrupt snore from Max stops him. He lays Max's hand on the bed,so much like the others in the long room,and got up to leave. Meta stops at the door,casting a single lit eye on Max. "I am sorry,old friend."
Without another word,Meta leaves,ambling down the stone hallways,to his own place of residence.
After a few minutes of slow walking down the dark corridors,Meta reaches his quarters,and opens the heavy metalic door,which moves without a sound,just like he does as he enters. The walls are bare. There are no decorations. No mementos from his life. Just a cot barely big enough o fit him,and a floor mouted mirror,like any other room that stayed unoccupied in the great hall.
Meta moves to the bed,sitting on it slowly,receiving groans of protest in return. He looks up from the ground,to be met by his own eyes in the mirror in the far corner,staring with all of their unnatural intensity.
"What is happening?" He places his face in his hands,troubled by the recent events.
Something begins to happen to his reflection in the mirror. His own reflection began to rise,looking at him with a skeletal face,a hairless skull,and the rest just like him. It rose from the bed as he sat,and its eyes burst to life with a deadly red. "I happened,Meta. I am the only one with power here,and I will decide what is right from now on. heheheheheheh... you're nothing more than a puppet."
"I am more. You are the puppet. You are merely an illusion created by my mind,due to repeated head trauma. If you are to speak,at least make yourself of use." Meta looks the skeletal phantom in the eyes,staring it down,as if trying to force it to submit.
"Heheheheheheheheheheheheh... always straight to the point. The only redeeming quality you posses,dear Michael." The phantom approaches Meta from within the mirror,and steps over the bottom of the square wooden frame,as if stepping over a minor obstacle,and wlaks up to Meta,their eyes never leaving the other's. "Sooooo... you want me to be useful? I believe that is something only you can do at this point,dear Michael." The phantom stoops to be on eye level with Meta,revealing how skeleton like it truly is,with sunken eyes,and bare cheekbones. "You are a TOOL,dear Michael. Nothing more. That's all you have ever been. Even your creators made you to be disposable. I believe an old phrase is 'dime a dozen'. heheheheheheh... you never had any worth,not even to your parents. Why else would you be here? I'm the only reason you exist as you do,and I am the key to the power you strive for. All you have to do is let go,dear Michael..." The phantom starts to evaporate,as if made of smoke. "And let ME have some fun!" The phantom bursts into flame,and disappears with flare befitting its demonic appearance,followed by a bone rattling cackle.
Meta sits on the bed,seemingly unphased by the events that just unfolded right before his eyes. The small crystals in the wall lose their light as he whispers to himself.
"Just let go..."
A pair of white dots darts back and forth in the darkness,accompanied by loud,pained screams. They grow in intensity,until the white dots flash brighter,and become deathly still.
The screams cease altogether,and are replaced by calm breathing. Two points of orange light appear from one side,and narrow to slits as they approach.
"Are you ready,my dear?"
The white dots streak to one side a few inches,toward the orange lights. "Yes... I am... Whatever the Great One orders... I will follow with faith..."
"Good... you are ready. Welcome to this world,filled to the brim with filth that opposes the Great One... Einda Prato number twenty seven."

Incoherent shapes and sounds swirl,chopped into small pieces so small they are impossible to understand.
"Hey!"
A single voice pierces the confusion,as if reaching out to grab Meta in his listless slumber.
"Are you alright,mister!?"
Its a small boy's voice,that echoes in the chaos.
Thanks to the lifeline,everything begins to resolve,piecing together into a collage of greyish stone,and cloth.
Meta sat up,slowly,minding the massive headache he suddenly felt raging.
"You're awfully spry to be dead,mister."
Meta opens his eyes completely,staring at a young kid,sitting on the floor beside him,amongst all of the dangling cloth,that was suspended from the eight foot stone roof.
The stone came to a head near the middle,creating a seam of sorts in the middle,where twon adjoining pieces meet.
The boy taps Meta on his right arm,nearest to where he sat. "Are you deaf,mister? I asked if you were ok."
Meta looks at the boy,in his brown shirt and shorts,crudely sewn together,and missing teeth as he smiled up at Meta. "I believe you asked if I was dead,little one. There is quite a difference." He turns to the boy,his eyes casting a faint glow on his face.
The boy's face lights up immediately,his eyes growing wide with excitement and fascination. "Whooooooooooooa! Can I get mine to do that!? That would be great!" He hops to his feet,and puts his hands around his eyes like he was holding binoculars. "I won't need a lamp anymore!" He giggles for a moment,before someone enters through the surrounding backdrop of brown cloth,almost like a hanging tent.
"Calmus,I swear you could wake the dead,son..." The man stops in his tracks upon seeing Meta. "And it looks like you have. How are you even alive? You had no heartbeat,and no respiration. I thought that was necessary for a sprite to live." The man stands around six feet tall,and has bushy grey hair. His top and bottom canine teeth are prolonged,and look quite sharp. He moves toward Meta,and sits,causing to a pendant hanging on the outside of his brown clothing to glint in the yellowish light,showing off a silver pair of fangs,with an octagonal crystal in their grip,with a cloudy grey center.
"Sir,I am not a sprite. I cannot be classified by such definitions." Meta looked him over,noticing the teeth,and remebering the ones that were missing of the child's. "I believe you are dragons,correct?"
This surprised the man,and nearly caused him to fall backwards as he sent his son out,and barely caught the comment. "What in eternal damnation!? I didn't think anyone could tell at a glance. You are truly beyond words." He looked at Meta,realizing he had put him on guard for some reason. "Of you think I'm going to eat you,I just had midday meal." This elicited some uneasy laughter from both. "I hope you aren't here to destroy this city. That is the sole reason I was the one given the responsibility to... care for you,I suppose,not that I was able to do much effectively."
"That is not my intention at all,sir. This was my destination,but a nasty coincidence caused my planned itinerary to be set aside. I headed here for assistance. I thank you." Meta rises,preparing to go,but the fluffy haired man stops him.
"There is no possibility of you being healed enough from the injuries you had,I do not care about what you are."
Meta looks at him sternly. "If I am so unknown,then you have no means to assess that by." His eyes suddenly flash red,causing the man to step back,as if retreating. "I must find my friends. They are no doubt concerned for me. I thank you again for your hospitality." Meta ducks under the hanging cloth,and disapears from view,leaving his caretaker standing there,bewildered.
"The bloodstone eyes... it... is not possible... that tale... cannot be true. Th... great one... "He mutters to himself disjointedly,paralyzed.
The boy walks in,and looks at his frozen father,and pulls on his earthy colored garments. "Father,are you alright?"
"I... don't know son. We might not be for much longer,unless I am hallucinating now." He looks down at the boy,with a shaky look.
"You are reaching your five thousandth birth memorial,father. You said our family is known for slight insanity on your side,with old age." He smiles wide,driving the notion home.
"Yet I can still best you in many ways." He laughs along,enjoying the joke. "You may be right son. Let us not worry about possibilities."

The dawn seemed to rush in impatiently as the sun rose over the modest city,highlighting the small cluster of sky scrapers in the very center,casting a shadow upon the entrance to the great hall. The hall itself seemed to be just as full of life this morning,with orange robed people meandering the carved stone halls,their face covered by hoods,and different groups of Supers meandering about. Max still slept in the infirmary,snoring loudly,with no clue as to the happenings of the new day.
Meta,however,was wide awake,laying on his bed,in his plain room,staring blankly at the ceiling. He just stays there for many moments,not showing any real signs of life,until a knock at the door catches his attention.
"Enter only if nec..." He stops as his visitor opens the door,letting herself in.
"Good morning,Meta. How are you?" Lucy steps through the door,blocking one of the two crystaline light fixtures on the wall.
Meta sits up,gazing at her questioningly,cocking his head to one side slightly as he swings his legs over the edge of the bare mattress. "I am fine... Where did you disappear to yesterday? I assumed you planned to tell me the results of your inquisition."
Lucy smiles,all too brightly,and tries to wave the question away like a stray gnat. "I figured you needed your rest. Stress is one thing we've all had in abundance as of late." She walks to the other side of the room,in front of the other fixture,away from the door,slowly,as if in thought for a moment. She turns back to Meta sharply. "I... wasn't able to get an audience after all. The council decided to adjourn earlyyesterday. HOWEVER..." She smiles again,getting an uneasy look from Meta. "I was able to acquire time for you to speak to the council personally,today. They should go into session in a few hours,so you have time to organize your thoughts and such." Lucy nods,waving slightly toward Meta.
"Thank you,Lucy." Meta rises from his mattress,and gestures toward the door,beckoning Lucy out. She moves toward the door,and starts to leave.
The light from inside Meta's quarters catches a small patch of metal on Lucy's back. Upon noticing this,Meta grabs her arm,and looks closer.
"It's my sword,Meta. I've been put on security detail. You didn't see it before?" A smile creeps its way up the side of her face,slightly hidden by her black hair.
Meta releases her,and Lucy retreats down the hall to the left,disappearing from sight. Meta takes the opposite direction,moving to the auditorium early,so he can wait.
"Bastard touched me..." Lucy stands around a corner in a blank hallway,much like the others in the great hall,scratching her arm where Meta grabbed her. "If he wasn't key to this,I'd tear his ugly head off." She glowers to herself,her eyes flashing a little bit brighter.
A robed figure approaches her,raising it's head to her level as it grows nearer,displaying two brilliant orange irises to match the surrounding cloth. "Be calm." The same mocking voice greets Lucy from underneath the heavy fabric. "The great one will reward you much for dealing with such an occurrence. THAT is how important Meta is."
"Fine,Charles,but I get to kill him eventually,right?" As Lucy looks down to the orange lights,a twisted smile meets her lips,much different from the fake ones she practiced to fool Meta. "That's all I want to do,Charles... Kill the bastard... slowly... PAINfully... heheheheh... " She visibly starts to salivate at the thought.
"Yes... all your desires will be fulfilled,Lucy. Just allow me to give the great one a proper unveiling before you take any action. Do you understand,Lucy?" His eyes narrow to slits,nearly bearing holes into Lucy's face.
"I live to serve the great one." Lucy bows toward the robed person,closing her eyes.
"Good... You will know what to do. Just wait for the proper time. If you do,I could see favor toward you in the great one's eyes,for you will facilitate in his rebirth. Much like I did in yours." He walks off down the hall,and around the corner at a brisk pace,leaving Lucy grinning sadistically,staying in place.
Ashes falls from the air... heat resonates off of blackened rocks all around,creating a furnace on the flat,carved stone mesa,as Max stares at a crouched figure in the center,his clothes burnt and riddled with holes.
The person rises,quickly gaining enough height to truly tower over him. Upon the person standing straight,Max tries to speak... but no sound comes. None,no matter how much he tries to scream.
"I heard you... Maxwell..."
Max turns frantically,trying to locate the source of the raspy voice,before the person in the center of the plateau turns toward him,showing a glowing,electric blue eye,that snaps to Max's face.
META!? He mouths,still unable to produce any noise.
Meta turns toward Max completely. On the other side,where his cybernetic parts lie,a soul piercing scarlet eye shines like a beacon toward Max,completely drowning out the blue light that meekly opposed it.
Meta grins,but says nothing,and flexes the fingers on his right hand,clearly showing off the opaque metal it's composed of,shining purple in the sunlight.
Max relaxes in place for a moment,as Meta stays still.
Without warning,Meta launches forward,grabbing Max by the neck with his right hand,and squeezing maliciously,while cackling like a true madman. Max clutches at the Tantalum hand,crushing the life out of him,to no avail,before feeling his neck snap,and Meta drop him to the ground. Max lays there,suffocating,but completely conscious,as he watches Meta laugh at him from a distance. Until all goes black.
Max bolts upright in the stone room known as the medical ward,sending his midnight black hair flying in crazy directions,before it became plastered partially to his forehead with sweat. His hands grip the metal rails on the cot so hard,indentations can be seen where his fingers are. He lets go of them,nodding to himself in disapproval,before noticing a wet feeling on his left arm. A red patch quickly spreads across the gauze like bandage on his upper arm.
"And you were calling Meta an idiot..." He flops back on the cot. "Heh. Scared by a nightmare. Great. Maybe the stress IS getting to me."

Meta walked through the city of brown tents at a brisk pace,passing dwellings of many sizes,some even reaching around three stories high,using one of the massive stone slabs to support it. Long cables dangled from the ceiling,holding many roofs high in the air,not that they were needed. Rounding one of the larger structures,Meta sees a lower patch of stone,ornately carved with floral patterns. Nearly breaking into a run,he hurried to the carved surface,recognizing it from a hazy memory from when he collapsed.
Reaching his destination,Meta nearly gasped at the sheer size of the stone carving,which dwarfed Meta many hundreds of times. After regaining himself,Meta scanned around the area for a latch or opening. None were found on the gigantic surface of the gates. Meta found a small door to the far right of the stone artwork,opposite to him. He walked over,and tugged on the rope handle attached to the plain stone door,barely as tall as he was,but it did not budge,even when Meta applied more pressure.
Meta pushed on the door,and with a smirk,poked his head into the pre-dusk air outside the brightly lit stone city,letting the noises within escape. He stepped out,using the door to shield himself against the already savage wind,and the sand it brought with it. He poked his head around the door,and his eyes flashed brighter for a moment as he gazed toward the cliff and crater where he... landed.
"Seventeen heat signatures. Which ones are Celia and Max?" He mused to himself. "By the angle of the sun,no more than twenty six minutes have passed. They should not yet have reached this gate." A blast of sand caught Meta in the face,heralding more. In response,a silver skin descended over his forehead,and then his eyes,eventually reaching his chin. It formed to look like his face,and let his blue eyes shine through. With his resolve bolstered,Meta walked into the maelstrom,not affected in the slightest by the wind.
"Hey,CELIA! You still with me?" Max's hair was tossed by the enraged wind,making it flop up and down on his forehead violently. He peered around,trying to see Celia.
"Max... I'm right where I've been every time you've asked me that very question. Right behind you." Celia tapped his shoulder,making Max jump slightly,before sighing,and walking on,ignoring the wind as best she could as it snatched her hair,and tried to ruin her sight.
"Good to know. Max said sarcastically,recovering,and following. Suddenly,Max stops,staring at a small light in the sand ridden wind. "Hey Celia,what's that?" He asks,pointing.
Celia glances toward where Max is pointing,squinting through the intensifying squall. "I don't know... Do you think Meta has returned?" She squints harder.
"Well... no,it's the wrong color,unless he can change his eye color,of course,but I never saw him do that before. His eyes were blue,right?" Celia nods a yes to him. "Well,those..." He points again. "...are orange. Mybe someone else was smart enough to bring a lantern or two." Max shrugs,and tries to walk on,but the two points of light flash,and a shockwave of sand strikes Max,sending him flying,and spinning through the air.
Celia breaks into a run toward the lights,but they wink out as she approaches,flashing twice as they do so. She looks around dazedly for them,before deciding to search for Max. She spots him standing a few meters away,having already begun his journey back,but having also tripped on a buried stone.
"Well... that was fun." Max says,clearly being sarcastic,shaking sand from his hair,rather ineffectually. "You get a look at it?"
"No,it disappeared as soon as I approached. Perhaps we should leave." She starts to walk away,toward the stone slabs,with Max in tow,but the lights appear in front of them this time. "Or perhaps not." Celia and Max both tense.
Another surge of sand crops up beneath Max,but he jumps to one side smiling. "Nice try,my glowey friend,bu..." Before he can finish,a much more powerful blast catches Max off gaurd... mostly by his own fault,and sends him flying even further this time,almost completely out of the diminishing visual range...
But something intervenes. A person shape shadow appears behind Max,grabbing onto the collar of his garment as he flies past. Max just dangles there,face to face with a silver faced titan. He panics at this point,and throws a punch right at the titan's nose... but it stops cold when it meets the facial feature,resounding with many cracks and pops,before falling limp at the end of his arm.
"I told you before. I normally eliminate those that strike me." The voice resonated from the titan,deep and intimidating,even though no movement could be seen.
Max stares blankly for a moment,before letting his face go slack. "Could you maybe NOT scare me when you make an entrance next time! It's getting very annoying,you bright eyed giant." Max stands as Meta puts him down,and they both head over to a startled Celia,who lost any chances of seeing the exchange through the worsening storm. "Max... Michael!? You are alive!" She flew forward,almost trying to hug Meta,before catching herself,and pretending to brush sand off of the arms of her dress,to no affect.
"I will explain when we arrive at the city. I believe the main priority is to exit this area,before this wind becomes a proper sandstorm." They leave as a group,Max and Celia standing behind Meta,to use him as a shield mostly.
A pair of orange lights follows them,unseen,as they make their way to the city.

Meta walked down the corridors of the great hall,almost with a bounce in his step,heading toward the meeting chamber,where he first met Tabitha. Only now,he'd be standing on the stage,facing the elders,a crucial step in bringing to light Tabitha's defection,and possible espionage. He felt no fear,no anxiety,just a cold,steadfast resolve to complete this task,as he neared the hall.
Every turn he made revealed a complete lack of life inside the hall. No one fetching records,no military units strolling the halls,boasting about their latest success,or mourning their latest loss. Absolutely no one.
This phenomenon was quickly explained as Meta came to a curtain in the next room,having finished his journey through the labyrinthine corridors of the great hall. Voices,a great many,could be heard through the curtain. So many,it shook the dust from the crystal lighting fixtures in the four corners of the small room. Meta used his hand to part the orange curtain,and stepped into a blinding light.
His eyes adjusted quickly,without the need to blink away the glare. The outlines of ten drapes resolved themselves,five on each side,all the same orange color. In front of them,stood one figure each,barely visible due to the color of their robes,leaving their robed faces looking as if they were floating in midair,cast in shadow. In between the two sets of drapes,reaching the imperceptibly high ceiling,was a gap,showing small glints of light,as thousands sat and observed,and allowed more than enough noise through to betray their presence.
Meta stepped over the threshold,onto the ancient wooden stage... and everything went pitch black.
A pair of red lights appeared in front of the frozen Meta,immediately putting him on guard.
"So Michael... Do you remember our little... talk? heheheheheheheh..." The lights pulsed with every word from the echoing voice.
Meta stood at ease with those words,but eyed the lights warily,his eyes glowing just as fiercely. "Yes... and I do not believe you are completely correct. While letting go may be the easier path,control is the safer one. I will not allow you to have free reign,Prometheus,no matter the torment you bring forth from the depths of hell itself. You will not win."
An amused laugh resonated from the lights,seeming to come into focus more now than when they were speaking. "Dear Micheal... heheheheheh... who ever said you had a choice in this,Hmmmmmm? I'm still a part of you,remember? All of those nasty little bits those scientists wanted to discard. But look at what I've done! There is no power without me,dear Michael. It's my turn to take the wheel. heheheheheheheheheheheh..."
The lights expanded,painting everything red,and swallowing Meta whole. "You see... I've been doing some... redecorating over the years. No longer are YOU the master." With a maniacal cackle,the light flared,and Meta began to dissolve into it. He tried to run,but with a flash,he bursts into pieces,and evaporates into thin air.
Mere moments later,all of the pieces reappear,spiraling toward the center if the area,where they begin to coalesce,forming feet,then lega,and then quickly piecing together an image of Meta,up to his neck,where a jumble of pieces swirl. They slowly place themselves onto the others,forming his face,speeding up on the left side,where they reveal a closed eye. It opens as fragments still fly around like gnats,blazing scarlet as the light around it fades.
Through the entire ordeal,Meta kept walking forward onto the stage,dipping his head lower,as if in reverence,finally reaching the bright light in the center.
"Welcome. We have granted you an audience,young one. Relay to us what needs to be said." A deep,booming voice calls out,from all directions,the acoustics of the hall not allowing the source to be identified.
"Great elders,I bring grave news about one of your most honored soldiers..." Meta says,pausing,and not speaking anymore.
"Finish,child! We do not have unlimited time for this session!" A second,gravely voice bellows.
"Oh,indeed you do not. Heheheheheheheh..." Meta smiles visibly,causing the group of elders to exchange glances,and whisper to each other. "You don't perceive how short your time truly is... How deliscious!" Meta lifts his head,smiling wide for the world to see,in a way that could break many mirrors if there were any around. His eyes opened,revealing their red glow,and a black aura envelopes him,as the illusions Meta held dropped,and vanished like smoke disturbed by a gust of wind. "Heheheheheh... I hope you recognize me,'Elders',because I..." His cannon arm transforms,inheriting black energy much like the aura around him. "Am your worst nightmare. Hehehehehehe..."
"What is the meaning of this!?" The first voice practically yelled,as all of the elder stared,transfixed at Meta,now Prometheus,in the flesh.
"The meaning? You stupid fool! This means your death!" He points his cannon at the nearest elder to his right,firing once,catching the robed figure full in the chest,sending blood spraying across the drapes behind. "Oh,so disapointing. Heheheheheheheh..."
Eight of the remaining Elders rush up to Prometheus,in a blind attempt to restrain him.
"Corra Tomo!" The words echo in the hall,as Prometheus swings his arm in an arc,creating a wedge shaped ribbon of energy from his cannon,which flies toward the group at incredible speed,slicing,and then exploding upon impact with the group,sending many flying,to land on the ground,limp. One bursts through the cloud of smoke,aiming a bunch at Prometheus' jaw.
He just disappears,leaving the robed figure dumbfounded.
"Looks like you aren't up to date on your ancient history. So sad." A hand grabs the elder by the neck from the rear,before Prometheus fires a single bolt of energy into the elder's back. He drops the elder on the floor,nodding in disapproval as blood poured from his victims,staining the ancient stage red.
The crowd in the seats only now regained their senses. They all began to scramble for the exits,trampling each other in the process. Prometheus just stood there,with an evil smirk,as they left.
The final elder walked up to Prometheus,not bothering to avoid the growing pools of blood on the wooden stage. Two orange lights appeared in the center of the hood obscuring his face. "Welcome,Great One. Your arrival is long overdo." He bows slightly,with a flourish from his hands.
"As if it really mattered to you,Einda Prato number six. You would have found a way to take control of my armies eventually... not that I'd mind. Heheheheheh." Prometheus wlaks up to him,staring down with his intense glowing eyes,as the orange lights narrowed,as if their owner was laughing.
"I shall start the preparation,Great One. May your reign be long,and fruitful." The robed figure left the stage in haste,as Prometheus gazed at the fallen Elders.
"So many to kill,so little time. Heheheheheheheh..."

The mismatched trio entered the stone gates through the doorway Meta used to exit,him having left it open. Max stumbled through,and plopped on the sandy ground,with the same substance plastered all over his body. Celia stepped through,and leaned up against the wall to rest. Meta just ducked slightly in precaution,and closed the door behind them,shutting out the vicious sandstorm outside,as the silver skin on his face receded. Max sat up,and began examining his broken hand,which was completely immobile.
"Did you really have to BREAK my hand?" He whined,flopping it back and forth. "It's going to take forever to heal..."
"I did not injure you. It was you who was attempting to injure me. That makes me exempt from blame." Meta stated,standing there,brushing the sand off.
Celia just smiled,and giggled to herself,before a stern look crossed her face. "Michael... How exactly did you survive that fall? Not even a Sprite like Max or I could have,for long." Max fell still and silent as well.
"I discharged a bolt of energy into the ground,at an angle,moments before impact. I meant to go over the stone I struck,but that is in the past." Meta states matter of factly,like such an occurrence was an every day thing.
"Well,I was right. You're scary as all heck,Michael." Max chimed in,with a smile,showing the grit in his teeth. "Anyone that can do that,well,I'd prefer to have you as a friend. Sorry about hitting you though. You looked like a boogeyman,or something."
"I believe I might have. Please keep that in mind,before you harm yourself again." Meta turned to Celia,who was still cleaning her clothes. "Is this the city you spoke of before?
"Yes,Michael,it is. And yes,I have a home here. I can find both of you quarters for now,until you find a permanent residence." She kept cleaning herself off while talking,finding no shortage of material to extricate.
"Well then,it'll be nice to sleep on something other than ferns!" Max started laughing to himself again as he stood. Celia finished up,and all three moved through the bustling cluster of tent like structures,heading in line with the seam of the roof,to the very back of the space.
A door stood carved in the stone,much like the one near the gates,but with slightly more detail. Meta pulled open the portal with the rope handle hanging on one side,and both Max and Celia stepped through. Meta followed a moment later.
Like in the forest,Meta's eyes flashed bright red for only a moment,before he went to the ground,,clutching his head. The burst of light caught Max full in the face as he turned around,no doubt with a snide comment,which made his face go slack,and his feet stop.
"The... bloodstone eyes..."
