Calvin the Cannibal
Henry Calvin was a 16-year-old boy who was abused since he was a baby due to his Dad being an extreme alcoholic who does nothing but mistreats his family. every day at school Henry would get bullied and called names like "Cannibal Calvin" because his teeth have sharp tips. the dentist doesn't know why his teeth are like that but due to the other kids being mean he normally covered his mouth with a scarf. Day in day out he was constantly beat up on by his father and a group of kids at school,this group consisted of three jack Hudson,Michael Monroe,and Jacob Hudson.
Jack and Jacob are brothers except jack is two years older the Jacob. But anyways they would always beat up on henry leaving him all bruised up. So,Henry had a terrible life.
One day after school henry was met up with the three boys who would try to beat him up. But something finally made him tick and he fought back he jumped on jack and bit his ear completely off. In fear of what they just saw the boy ran off leaving jack behind to hold his ear and bleed. henry then started digging his nails into jack,screamed in pain jack couldn't do anything. After that henry got up and left leaving jack a bloody scratched up mess. Later that day the police arrived at his house knocking at the door. His mother went to answer it she responded with "what's the problem officer". Henry and his father sat in the living room. Henry's father said you say anything to them i swear I'll kill you. The officer was then welcomed into the house. Wear his mother said "henry have you done anything bad today...that could get you in trouble". Henry said "no ma'am i haven't the officer spoke with a deep voice. "We have witnesses say you got in a fight and bit a kid ear off they said you started the fight and that you went berserk on them".
Silence filled the room his father's eyes filled with terror. From what the officer said his father responded with" that's crazy my son is a good kid he gets good grades he's the best kid you could ask for i love my son". As his father spoke henry began getting this fire build up inside him that lead to him getting extremely angry and yelling at his father. "Your filthy liar you know that's a lie you hate me and you hate mom you beat on me and her all the time you've beat on me since i was a baby don't lie to him". The police officer then told his father "that's an even bigger problem i need you to come with me". that's when his father pulled out his gun and shot the police officer dead between the eyes. Henry's mother ran towards his father he then shot her dead in the heart.
Without hesitation henry ran over to a table to pick up a hammer and throw it right at his father forehead,and with a loud CRACK! His father hit the floor henry leaped on his chest and became eating on his face. He then gets up and goes to the garage and gets a sledgehammer only to come back hold it over his head his father saying repeatedly "No,no,no,no". Henry says "I HATE YOU". all those No's and begging and pleading stopped as he dropped the hammer on his father… he then picked the hammer and sledgehammer up and walked out the door.
Only to run into the woods to come across a dark faceless figure that would somehow say. "there there child your safe now
