Calvin the cannibal the rise of a creepypasta
"Don't be afraid Henry you are safe now" the dark faceless figure said.
"Who are you" Henry replied. "I am known as slenderman". "S-Slenderman?" Henry said trembling in fear. "Yes Slenderman" he then walked out of the darkness and showed himself he was a tall,skinny,figure he was pale white,and had no face,he was wearing a black suit,with a red tie,what Henry was mainly trying to figure out was how could this faceless man...or whatever he is talk he had No mouth,No Eyes,No nothing,but yet still spoke. And he spoke with a deep cracking voice. The finale thing said before disapearing into the darkness was ill see you soon. And just like that he was gone.
 Henry then slowly dozed off into a deep sleep. When he had awaken he was wearing a black shirt with a strange symbol on it the symbol looked like a circle with an X through it. What it meant he didn't know. Along with the shirt he was wearing a grey scarf and was left with a shiny new sledge hammer. So henry then walked on through what was a dark forest but was now a bright forest. Not to far from the forest was his hometown where he once could call home would now be called another place of dispair 
 He then found himself walking down his neighborhood and noticing the morning paper. He then reached to pick it up and there it was his picture he began to read 
 "15 year old boy attempts to murder father and murder police officer fathers in terrible condition but is somehow recovering,Murderer is still on the lose be careful he's 
He's very dangerous". Henry then drops the newspaper and continues to walk down the street when he saw a police car drive down the street his first instinct was to hide but then he thought… and he decided to just act casual but as soon as the police drove by him it was over the police jumped out of the car and pointed guns at him.
Henry then threw his hands up and was escorted to jail. 
 The drive was long but he had finally made it to what he thought was a jail was actually a phychiactric center for the mental. Two men in white clothes came out with a wheel chair with straps on it. One man said. "take it easy kid we don't want to have to hurt you. We just want to help you".
TO BE CONTINUED… 
Thanks for reading this guys i hoped you enjoyed i will be making the next story really really soon
