-PROLOGUE-
Margaret watched the wall clock with growing impatience.
She was seated in the office of Mr Thornton,waiting to meet him. After showing her into the room,Williams,his overseer,had gone off in search of his master. That was fifteen minutes ago. She sighed with irritation. Just how long did it take to locate a man?
She had passed the time by looking out of the large window overlooking the mill-yard. It was a strange choreography of chaos and cotton. Everywhere men were pushing wagons that bore cotton in the raw form as well as the woven form in bales of calico. Their energetic,unceasing motion was a dizzying sight to behold.
And not very different from the rest of Milton.
Her father and she had arrived in Milton two days ago and no matter how much Margaret had prepared herself,the din and clamour of the industrial town after the serenity and peace of Hampshire was too much for her to comprehend.
Her first two days in Milton had been spent out in the city as she and her father searched for a house. But so far they had not met with any success. Thirty pounds was a year was all they could afford to give. In Hampshire,they could have found a spacious house with a pleasant garden for the money. But here,a house in a decent neighbourhood with simple but comfortable rooms seemed unattainable. To make matters urgent,the cost of their stay at the Clarendon hotel was more than her father had anticipated and it became necessary that they find and finalise a house within the day.
This morning Margaret had insisted that their house-hunting will proceed faster if they go separately. Before setting out,she had marked out eight houses that were advertised in the newspaper. By afternoon she had gone through seven houses,rejecting each one of them after visiting it. The house in Crampton was the last. To her relief,the rooms were the right size and,if they converted one of the sitting rooms into a bedroom,the right number. Unfortunately,there wasn't much to be done about the wallpaper.
She had been surveying the upper floors when she met Williams. Not only had she caught him gossiping about her father but she also found him unwilling to share the details of the house and rent with her.
What about other houses? Mr Thornton thinks this house will do well for them.
Can she speak with the landlord? Mr Thornton will speak with the man.
How much is the rent? Mr Thornton will discuss with her father. She need not concern herself with money matters.
And really,that was too much. She instructed an astonished Williams to take her to meet his Mr Thornton. If Mr Thornton won't deal with her,she'll have to deal with him.
And so here she was,in his office. But there was no sign of Mr Thornton.
Turning away from the noise and movement of the yard below,she directed her attention to the office,trying to glean what she could of its absent owner. A large,heavy desk,fitted with drawers,dominated the center of the room. The surface was covered with letters of business,financial papers,files,business cards and writing equipment. A large table lamp sat on the right-hand side of the desk. Clearly a man who worked till late in the evening,Margaret thought. The shelf on the far wall held ledgers and account books. Nothing out of the ordinary. The only article of interest was an architectural plan of the mill that was pinned down to a high table. On the margins,dimensions and notes were written in a bold but careful hand.
She studied the plan for a few minutes before moving away impatiently. She considered walking out of this place. It wasn't just the fact that she had been made to wait for unacceptably long but she was losing time.
She looked at the clock a third time. Twenty minutes.
That was it. Margaret stood up and headed towards the door. But before she reached it,the door swung open and a man strode in.
Margaret found herself facing a tall,broad-shouldered man with hair as black as the night and the most startling pair of blue eyes. He looked to be about thirty,with sharp,regal features and an aquiline nose. He was immaculately,if somewhat severely,dressed. His white shirt contrasted sharply against his black cravat and coat. The long legs of his dark trousers brushed the tops of his polished shoes.
Without knowing why,Margaret stepped back a little. Their gazes seemed to be locked in an intense,fascinated stare. To her horror,she found that she couldn't tear her gaze from his.
"Miss Hale," he spoke,when it became clear that her words would not come.
His deep,rich voice caused an odd sensation to settle beneath her ribs. She was acutely aware of the hot colour that washed her cheeks and she instinctively sought to regain control of the situation.
"I have been waiting here for some time," she complained,knowing perfectly well that she was being supercilious but it was imperative that he know that she was not affected or intimidated by him.
He raised a brow at that. "I wasn't expecting you—or anyone. I'm on my daily rounds at this hour."
She was momentarily taken aback. A London gentleman would have apologised but then a London gentleman would not have kept a lady waiting in the first place. But this man... This man was clearly in the habits of authority. He would not allow her any kind of rule over him because of an unintentional inconvenience.
Still.
"Your man left me with no choice but to intrude on your schedule," she said with cool defiance.
She saw what might have been a flicker of admiration,but it was instantly gone.
She continued,"I came to inquire about the house in Crampton."
"The one on Canute Street?" he asked.
"Yes."
He paused a moment. "Are you certain?"
"Mr Williams said you believed the house to be suitable," she pointed out.
"That was before," he said softly. He was quiet for just long enough to make the statement noticeable but not long enough for her to ponder it. He continued,"There are better houses that I can—"
"Thank you,but that will not be necessary," Margaret interrupted quickly.
He narrowed a perceptive gaze on her and as disconcerting as the gaze was,Margaret knew the exact moment when he realised that the house was the best they could afford. It was mortifying that he should know about their reduced circumstances.
"How much is the rent?" she asked,eager to bypass her embarrassment.
"Thirty pounds a year," he replied carefully.
Margaret inwardly sighed with relief. It would have been terribly discouraging to have waited for so long only to discover that she could not afford the house.
"Very well," she said briskly. "Will . . ." she paused to consult the advertisement in the newspaper for the name of the landlord.
"Donkin" he supplied the name.
She lifted her head from the paper. "Will Mr Donkin be willing to make the necessary repairs and change the papers?" she asked.
"The papers?"
"Pink and blue roses with yellow leaves," she described the atrocity.
"I see," he agreed,a hint of amusement glinting in his eyes. "The decorations are often at the landlord's discretion I'm afraid."
"Well." She would simply have to hide the paper with some of her watercolours. "Then I must insist on the repairs."
"Of course," he granted.
She looked at him blankly for a moment,before realising that there nothing further to ask him and all that remained was for her father to settle the with the landlord.
"Thank you for your trouble,Mr Thornton," she said as she made to move.
"It was no trouble," he said easily and then held out his hand.
Her startled gaze moved from his outstretched hand to his face. She had heard about the rather modern customs of Northern societies but she had not expected that she would be required to adopt them so soon.
He seemed to realise that the gesture had caught her by surprise but he did not withdraw his hand. The subtle challenge propelled her into action. Taking a step forward and with a confidence she did not feel,she placed her hand in his. And then wished she hadn't.
As his warm fingers closed around and held her hand,she felt a hot,unwelcome quiver ripple up her arm,causing the hair on the back of her neck to rise.
"Miss Hale," he said,giving her hand a gentle shake.
Flustered,she sent him a bewildered glance and tugged her hand free. She managed a quick,"Mr Thornton," and stepped out of his office,while her heart pounded fiercely.
Margaret hurried away from the room,down the long corridor and exited the building,and only then paused to catch her breath.
As she navigated her way through the workers and the carts,she found herself powerfully compelled to turn around and look up to the window. Their eyes met again with startling directness. He was standing at the window and watching her. She swiftly turned away and walked out of the mill.
What was suddenly wrong with her,she wondered. She had never felt so uncertain,so off-kilter before.
She struggled to understand her strange reaction to Mr Thornton. He was from a different world,but had she met him in a London drawing room,she feared her reaction would have been much the same. He possessed a kind raw presence that was unfamiliar and altogether unnerving to someone with her sheltered and gentle upbringing.
She consoled herself with the thought that it did not matter that she had been so profoundly unsettled by him. It was unlikely that they will ever cross paths again. And if they did,she would have nothing to do with him. She would keep him at arm's length,she vowed . . . little knowing that her life had just changed.

-THE PROPOSAL-
Two months later
After a lengthy meeting with his bankers during which he convinced them to continue their investment,John Thornton stepped out of his mill and headed towards Crampton.
The day before,the striking workers had stormed the gates of Marlborough Mills and demanded that he send back the Irish labours. He had taken every precaution but he had not expected the sudden violence. It had been a bloody nightmare but the tactic had worked and the strike had been broken.
This morning the chastened workers had returned and his mill was back in operation.
His long strides ate up the ground,barely pausing to acknowledge the people who greeted him. His thoughts now,and were for some time now,solely focused on Margaret Hale.
Margaret.
The first time he had meet her he had wanted to touch her. Not in any sexual way,although perhaps there was a bit of that. She was astonishingly beautiful,with the most captivating pair of green eyes. But it was the way she held herself,haughty and proud,as she stood in his office and coolly asked him about the rent. It had made him curious. And it wasn't every day that he found himself curious. It had made him want to provoke her and see if there was more beneath the bravado. It was most unlike him to want to do any such thing but there was something about her that he couldn't leave alone.
On the few occasions that they had met since that day,her manner had been reserved and cautious. And when he had managed to draw her into a conversation,they had found themselves in complete opposition. He supposed that was to be expected. Raised in the old-fashioned South and polite London society,she had a surplus of idealism and naivety but she was also far more intelligent than most women in his acquaintance. And she didn't bother to hide it—a quality he found admirable and refreshing.
But seeing her at the dinner party had been a revelation.
He had never been so attracted to a woman before. This time he had wanted to touch her. To his surprise,they had managed two civil sentences between them. But it had all gone to rot the moment somebody brought up the ongoing strike and she had unfairly extended his argument to imply that he would let poor babies starve. He truly couldn't help his anger in that moment. He had pointedly turned away from her and lavished his attention on the girl seated to his left,but had found his attention repeatedly drawn to Margaret.
He could not understand his fascination with her. Their differences were far too great to be ignored. She had made it clear that she did not care for the northern ways or for entrepreneurs and that she saw him as the breathing embodiment of everything she believed wrong with the North. It should have annoyed him enough to never want anything to do with her,but when he thought about her standing in his office,clutching a copy of Milton Times or how she sparkled under the light of the chandelier or the way her brows would gather together as she prepared to argue with him,all he knew was he wanted her for himself.
John knew it was about time he marry but he considered the idea without enthusiasm. There were many girls who had set their caps for him but none of them had captured his attention as thoroughly as Margaret had.
But he was also a ruthlessly pragmatic man. It wouldn't be easy to get Margaret to consider a courtship with him,let alone marriage. He would never pretend to be other than who he was to make himself agreeable to her. He had too much pride for that and she had too much intelligence to fall for it. It would take patience and persistence to chip away at her prejudices and break down her defences. But challenges hardly ever bothered John.
He had spent his adult life overcoming odds that would have overwhelmed a lesser man. And on that night,John had suddenly and absolutely come to the decision that no matter what it took,Margaret was worth it.
But things were very different now than they had been a week ago. Her reckless actions had put her in an extremely vulnerable and precarious position. She would have to marry him now. But knowing what he did about her,he knew that she would reject his offer without a thought. She had already proved herself impetuous. But if she did not marry him,she would be permanently ruined. And he would not let that happen.
This is not how he would have liked it to come about,but he saw that even as he would get what he wanted,it would also be for her own good.
The obvious and the proper thing would have been to speak with Mr Hale. Her father would do everything in his power to persuade Margaret to accept him. But there was always a chance that Mr Hale would not succeed,and John couldn't take that chance. He had decided to speak with Margaret himself.
After the other mill masters and the police superintendent had left and the Irish workers were taken care of,he had retired to his study and stayed there the entire night. He had gone over the budget sheets and after that sketched out a structure for housing the Irish workers and all the while his mind had planned what he was going to say to Margaret.
She would be extremely unhappy about being forced to marry him,and he couldn't blame her,but once she was his wife,there would be plenty of time to change her mind.
"Mr Thornton is in the drawing room," Mary announced.
Margaret looked up,nearly dropping the book that she had been trying to read.
"Did you tell him that father is not home?" she asked.
"He asked for you,miss."
"Thank you. I will come." Placing the book on the table,she slowly rose from her seat. For a desperate moment,she fervently hoped that he had only come to enquire after her. But even as she hoped she knew it was in vain.
Of course,he had come. How could he not after the display she had made of herself?
What had she been thinking? She hadn't been thinking at all. She had been gripped by panic and guilt. She had foolishly sent him out to face the mob without realising how unruly and violent they had become. She had almost immediately realised her mistake and when she saw Boucher pick up the stones,she could not stand there and do nothing.
But to throw herself at him like that! What possessed her to think that a man twice her size needed her to protect him? Did she even do any good? The mob would have dispersed the moment they heard the soldiers' whistle.
The scene had been so chaotic,she remembered things only in snatches—the blinding sheet of light before her eyes,strong arms picking her up from the cold floor,the embarrassing whispers. By the time she had fully regained consciousness,Dr Lowe had been peering into her face.
Disoriented and mortified by what had happened,she had been desperate for the refuge of her home.
Since then,she had plenty of time to reflect upon her shocking behaviour.
She had remembered her resolution to keep him at arm's length after that first meeting. It should have been easy enough to keep but somehow she would always find herself in a conversation with him—reluctantly at first but heatedly and compulsively as the discussion progressed. She wondered what it was about the man that made her act so contrary to her nature.
Margaret liked to think herself even-tempered. She was perfectly able to mask her emotions but something about his absolute confidence and cool intelligence,as though he alone was right about every subject,made her want to battle with him. And even though she carried a nagging suspicion that he secretly enjoyed their arguments,she simply could not stop herself.
And now she had gone ahead and thrown her arms around him for the whole world to see. No wonder the servants thought she was in love with him. She wanted to die of mortification.
Her father had returned home from the school where he taught and as was his custom had occupied himself with reading all evening. During dinner,he had briefly talked about the riot at Marlborough Mills and considered paying a call on Mr Thornton a couple of days hence after business had returned to normal. He did not seem to know that she had been present during the riot and grateful for small mercies,Margaret did not tell him about it.
It had also given her reason to hope that perhaps amid all the confusion of the riot,nobody would remember her part in it. She wanted nothing more than to put the entire embarrassing episode behind her.
But now Mr Thornton was here and wanted to speak with her.
Margaret pushed against the door and entered. He was standing at the window,hands clasped behind his back,his tall form blocking off the light. Sensing her presence,he turned around.
He walked to the door and closed it and then came back and stood opposite her.
"Are you recovered?" he enquired.
She took a discreet,steadying breath and lifted her head.
"Yes,I am well."
His eyes were fixed on her temple. She doubted if he could see the wound,she had carefully covered it with her hair.
"I never got the opportunity to thank you for what you did yesterday."
"You don't need to thank me," she replied quickly.
"I think I do."
"I only did the least anyone would have," she persisted. "I was,after all,responsible for putting you in danger. I would have done the same for any man there."
"I do not doubt that," he said neutrally.
An awkward silence followed as she processed his comment.
"Miss Hale,I think you know why I am here," he finally spoke.
Flushing scarlet,she responded with an unsteady nod.
"We were seen by the workers,most of them know who you are," he spoke in a measured voice. "We were also seen by the household—"
"Please stop," she pleaded. "Please. I am sure the situation is not so dire. Servants talk all the time."
"I am not sure you understand the gravity of the situation. The story is tearing through Milton as we speak," he informed her with unsparing honesty. "It is only a matter of hours before Mr Hale hears about it."
The colour drained from her face. She felt faint with fear and nausea. Her shock must have been evident because his eyes softened.
"I am sorry," he said gently.
"But I was only trying to shield you!" she cried.
"I understand that your actions were innocent and honourable. You only sought to protect me,but that is not how it is being perceived."
Margaret felt her face burn with humiliation. Averting her face,she hurried to the window,wrapping her arms about her waist to steady herself. This could not be. Her name being dragged into a scandal!
He remained silent,respecting her distress,but when she did not speak for a long time,he said,"We need to act with expedience. What is done cannot be undone but it can be mitigated."
She barely heard him,her mind could not focus on anything other than the fact that her name was connected to a scandal. With him. Somehow that seemed to be the worst of it. And now he was bound to offer for her,to save her from social disgrace. He would have this power over her and everything in her instinctively rebelled against the thought.
She clenched her fists against her ribcage,trying to control her anger.
"You must consider your reputation," he urged.
"Stop!" She whirled to face him. "Stop speaking to me as if it were your duty to rescue my reputation!"
"It is actually," he replied with remarkable composure.
For a moment,she was speechless. But his calm manner served only to fan her resentment and anger. "I am sure you think so. It would all be to your advantage,wouldn't it?" she spat.
Unable to stop now that she had started,she continued savagely,"You broke the strike with your Irish workers and your soldiers and now because my father is in reduced circumstances you think you can have me for your possession? I suppose I should expect no less from someone in trade!"
She braced herself for his angry refutation,but other than the sound of her own frenzied breathing the room remained silent.
When he finally spoke,his words were woven with patience and sympathy,as if he expected and understood her need to lash out at him and the situation. "I do not wish to possess you but I can protect you if you marry me," he said,his gaze never straying from her.
"No," she said,shaking her head stubbornly,refusing to yield to this humiliation.
He met her defiant gaze with honesty. "I know this is not what you want,but you must think about your future. Your father cannot protect you from this."
"No!" she cried out again in anger and in frustration. She did not want to hear this. She did not want to hear reason. She wanted to rage against the injustice of it all.
"You must let me do the right thing else it will reflect very badly on everyone. Your father in particular." Her attention was caught by that. When she looked at him in uncomprehending silence,he gently explained,"It would appear as if Mr Hale was unable to prevail upon me and protect your honour as he ought."
As the bitter truth of his statement sunk in,she squeezed her eyes closed and turned away.
He was doing the right thing,the honourable thing,and she hated him for it,for being so reasonable. And she hated the world for judging her so unfairly,for demanding that she marry him,so that some twisted notion of morality can be satisfied. But most of all,she hated herself for bringing this upon herself,for feeling so out of control,for being so helpless.
She looked up to the ceiling in a bid to hold the tears that threatened to fall. He slowly approached her as if not wishing to frighten her and reaching inside his coat pocket,drew out a folded square of linen and silently offered it to her. She looked at the handkerchief,struggling for a moment to accept even this small assistance,before taking it with weary resignation.
He was watching her closely,alert to every nuance of her expression. She could not let herself fall apart like this,she thought clutching the handkerchief,which was still warm from where it had rested against him. She felt certain that he could read her every thought. But she wondered what he was thinking.
"Why do you care?" she asked dully. It was inconceivable that he was trying to reason with her even after all the unforgivable things she had said to him.
He took a moment to answer. "The world is unkind to women who have no one to defend them. Men are too easily forgiven—forgotten—but women have to bear the burden and the shame. I cannot let you suffer unjustly for no fault of your own and for what is partly my own fault."
Even through her distress,she had the distinct impression that for a brief minute he hadn't just been speaking about her situation. He had been remembering someone else.
Focusing his attention back on her,he said,"Whatever it is you fear,it cannot be worse than spending your life as a pariah."
The fight slowly left her and her tense shoulders slumped in acceptance of the situation. Her world had been turned upside down. She was on the brink of social disaster. But something in his manner soothed her. Before today,if someone had told her that she would find comfort in his presence,she would have scoffed at the notion.
But she was baffled by his persistence. She may not have a choice but he did. Nobody would blame him for not wanting to marry a woman who had insulted him not two days ago under his own roof and in the presence of his guests.
"You cannot want this," she said.
There was a new alertness in his eyes. "What makes you think so?"
She went blank with astonishment for a moment before she gathered her wits.
"There is no need to make a virtue out of necessity," she assured him.
"You are intelligent and beautiful and kind," he said without hesitation. "Are those not virtues a man should seek in a wife?" he asked,his lips quirking up in a brief smile.
She gave him a dubious glance,not at all certain that he cared for those particular virtues.
A sudden thought struck her. "You have thought about all this—how I would respond,what you would say?"
He looked as if she had surprised him.
He seemed to deliberate his answer. "Yes," he finally admitted. "I never try do anything without considering it thoroughly. And I would like you to carefully consider the choices before you."
Recognising that nothing was to be gained in delaying,Margaret forced herself to think about the options before her and shakily realised that she had none. No protestation of innocent would save her from ruin. She could not return to London or Helstone. She would have to stay in Milton and be an outcast. She would not be welcome in polite society. No respectable man would marry her. And the shame wouldn't be hers alone. Her blameless father too would have to live with the scorn and the disgrace.
The only way out of it was to marry him. He was a stranger,the last man she thought she would marry,although the point was now moot.
Her fate had been sealed the moment she threw her arms around him. She could either refuse him and be forced by her father to reconsider,her pride and dignity tattered in the process or she could accept him and take responsibility for her actions and salvage what remained of her honour.
It suddenly occurred to her that the Hales had a definite propensity for scandal—first Fred and his mutiny,then her father and his dissent,and now her. She would have laughed if it weren't her life.
She closed her eyes and drew a deep breath before looking straight at him. He was watching her alertly.
"Yes."
"Yes," she said again. "I will marry you."
A/N:Thank you for the lovely welcome! It is wonderful to be back. I hope you enjoyed this chapter. I have the plot worked out in my head and even some parts of it written. But I will likely revise them as I fill in the rest of the story. I have decided to name my chapters,which given my near comical inability to come up with decent titles for my stories (North and South Retold - really?) is sure to be a fun endeavour.
As always,please let me know what you think. Your reviews and kind words make my day.
SQ

-THE FAMILIES-
"Why didn't you tell me yesterday?" Mr Hale demanded of his daughter.
"I am sorry,papa," Margaret said,her eyes stinging with tears at the rebuke.
"I hardly knew what to say when John told me about it."
"I am sorry," she again said miserably.
Shaking his head,he sat down in his armchair and brought his right hand to his forehead.
She stood silently as she watched him rubbing his temples. A sudden hope flared in her heart. Perhaps her father was thinking of a way to help her.
Margaret knelt next to him. "Papa," she said,"do you think I could go to Lon—"
"Thank God," he said in a fervent whisper,not seeming to hear her. "Thank God,it is taken care of."
Margaret stilled at the words,at the sting of betrayal caused by them.
Her father removed his hand and looked at her. "The wedding will take place with all haste."
Stunned,she slowly bowed her head,not wanting to look at him. She felt as if he was abandoning her to her fate. She had known that he would insist that she marry but some part of her had foolishly held out the hope that her father would try to talk her out of this decision. Even if it were in vain,she had needed him to share her outrage,she had needed his understanding. Instead,he was allowing her to do this,was relieved that she was doing this.
She swallowed uncomfortably,hating the lump in her throat.
"An announcement will be put in the newspaper tomorrow," Mr Hale informed her. "We agreed the marriage should place next Saturday. John will purchase the license."
Margaret remained silent.
"Margaret?" her father called,finally noticing her unnaturally quietness.
At his urging,she lifted her face to him. Whatever he saw in her expression caused his eyes to soften.
"My dear," he said gently,"surely you know that there is no other choice. We would be ruined."
"I understand."
"He is a good,kind man," he tried to reassure her.
"It does not signify."
"It does," Mr Hale insisted. "He is a very good match. An honourable man. I told him you have a small dowry,but he absolutely refused to take it. I had to insist on sharing the wedding expense."
"It's all right,Father," she assured him and tried to rise.
"Margaret!" He grabbed her hand to halt her. "I am sorry I was upset," he said helplessly. "You know I would never—"
"I know," she said,stopping his apology. Her father was a kind,benign man and his manner today had been an exception. "It has been a difficult day."
Mr Hale nodded,looking frail and weary. "I could not bear the thought of another . . ." he trailed off brokenly.
She tried to say something consoling,but did not know what. She laid a comforting hand over his,briefly wondering how she had gone from needed comfort to offering comfort.
"Everything will be alright," she said,forcing a smile.
"Yes,everything will alright," he repeated after her.
Margaret rose from the floor. "I must write to my aunt and Edith," she said briskly. "Imagine their surprise," she said,softening the truth with a deliberate wry laugh.
Mr Hale looked up at her,his fingers still clutching her hand,reluctant to let go but knowing that he had failed her somehow. Leaning down,she kissed his cheek and hurried to the privacy of her room.
Margaret found that she was glad that this was over. That any foolish hope of escape was over. She would have to marry him now—she had,of course,known it,had agreed to it herself. But now it had all the force of finality.
How could one's life be so completely altered,she wondered.
Margaret knew she would have to marry but she'd never thought that she would marry so soon,much less under such circumstances. When she had told Henry that she was not ready for marriage,she had meant it. She had turned nineteen this spring and she wanted to see and experience more of life before she settled into domesticity. She prized her independence and despite the initial misgivings,was learning to enjoy her life in Milton. And now she would have to give all that up to become the wife of a man she barely knew.
She knew her father had meant well,but his words had failed to reassure her.
John Thornton had made her uneasy from the start. Although he was always unfailing polite and self-controlled,she had always sensed that that was not who he truly was. That beneath the cool reserve was a man of frightening passion,explosive temper,possibly even violence.
What kind of life would she have as the wife of such a man? He was likely to expect obedience from her and even though he had been remarkably patient with her today,she doubted if he would be as understanding and tolerant once they were wed. He would demand everything from her and the thought of being so completely owned by him was appalling.
But it was pointless to lament now. In twelve days,she would be his wife.
John sat at his desk,folding and sealing the last of the correspondence. Setting the letter aside,he picked up the long-forgotten glass of brandy and leaned back in his chair.
He absently regarded the ledgers strewn on his desk,all reminders of the mountain of tasks that still lay ahead of him in the wake of the strike. He had a manager to take care of the account books but he felt closer to the pulse of the business when he went over the numbers himself. He had learned at an early age that numbers never lied and as Marlborough Mill was the largest cotton mill in Milton,the figures in his book were a fair indicator of the way business would unfold.
But right now,he was not occupied with numbers.
Taking a sip of his brandy,he experienced a quiet satisfaction—an emotion he rarely allowed himself to feel—as he thought about his conversation with Margaret.
He knew he had gently but surely pushed her into making the decision but there had been no other way. If she'd had more time to think about it,she would have come up with some way to avoid the marriage. She was stubborn enough to do that. So he did not regret the practical,even calculated,way with which he had approached the proposal.
But he had also learned a great deal about her today. Closing his eyes,he saw her as she had looked today. She had been dressed in light-coloured muslin,a pretty thing that made her look impossibly young. But despite the delicate exterior,she had showed surprising reserves of strength. She would not be cowed or easily fall to pieces. The father,however,was another matter. He had been surprised that Mr Hale had not even known that Margaret had been injured. How could the father fail to notice such a thing,he reflected moodily.
No matter,he decided,downing the rest of his drink. Now that she was his,he would be damned before he let any harm come to her.
Setting the glass down,John walked to the window and gazed outside. He wondered what it would be like living with Margaret,coming home to her every day.
He knew it will not be a smooth path ahead of them. She had made it clear that she deeply resented being forced into marriage. She would not be a docile bride. She would argue with him and thwart him at every turn. But as long as it was Margaret,he found that he didn't mind.
He turned around when he heard a knock on the door.
"Come," he called.
The door opened to reveal Fanny. She stood uncertainly at the door,one hand placed on the curve of her belly,her normally clear brows creased with worry.
"Did you speak with Miss Hale?" she asked.
John immediately went to the door. "Yes. She has accepted my hand. The wedding will be two weeks hence,on Saturday."
"John!" she squealed with joy and as soon as he reached her,threw her arms around him and gave him a tight hug.
"Careful." John gently eased her away and guided her to a comfortable chair.
"I can't tell you how happy I am," she said with a contented sigh as she rested her feet on the ottoman he placed in front of her. "I will invite Miss Hale to tea. Two weeks is not nearly enough time to plan a wedding."
"Give her a few days before you descend upon her."
"Oh," Fanny paused and then,"Oh,I see. Of course. Was she very upset?"
Upset was one way of putting it,John thought as he went over to the fireplace to stir the logs.
"I hadn't realised the staff would gossip,else I would have told them to keep quiet," he heard Fanny say.
"It is not your fault."
"But I should have said something. Everything happened so suddenly,we were worried about getting a doctor for her and then she insisted on leaving—"
"You did the right thing," he assured her firmly. "But Watson is not going to be pleased when he finds out that you were here during the riot," he frowned. Watson was away on a trip and had sent her to stay with John,knowing that he would take care of her and keep her safe.
"Oh,please," she said with a wave of her hand. "I was in no danger."
"When does he return?"
"Are you trying to be rid of me?"
"I thought I got rid of you when you married," he returned.
Which they both knew it was not true. Fanny was the only family he had left after their mother had passed away six years ago. And even though she was happily married,he still considered her very much his responsibility.
He looked at his sister as she sat with her hand resting gently on the swell of her stomach. She looked extraordinarily lovely,her face glowing with contentment. Marriage and motherhood became her.
John had never told her but he had been shocked when she had informed him that she wanted to marry Watson. He did not have any specific objections to Watson—Watson was the Mayor and a distinguished and well-respected man and a close friend—but that did not necessarily make him an ideal match for his sister. He had always imagined Fanny settling with someone who would match her enthusiasm,someone closer to her age and Watson was more than fifteen years her senior. But Fanny had overridden his objections by telling him that she loved Watson. John had given his reluctant agreement. But after two years of silently observing their marriage,John knew that there was deep and enduring love between them. And now,after two years,Fanny was finally with child and their happiness could not be more complete.
"John?"
Fanny broke into his reverie.
"Does Margaret . . . ?" she hesitated.
He understood her question. "No. She was trying to protect me. It was a foolish thing to do."
"Am I selfish for saying that I am glad she did?" she asked. "Because I think she is perfect for you."
That caught him by surprise. He wanted Margaret but he had not fancied that she would be perfect for him. "There is no need to romanticise."
"I am not romanticising," she insisted. "I know you will suit tremendously."
He crossed his arms. "Is that why you were throwing Ann Latimer in my path?"
Her lips twisted slightly. "If I had met Margaret before,I assure you I would have thrown her in your path. And I do not think you would have minded," she added.
He narrowed his eyes at her impertinence.
But she continued unperturbed,"You scarcely took your eyes off her during the dinner."
"I do not recall you speaking so freely before."
She went on as if he hadn't spoken. "Even after she challenged you. Quite magnificently,I might add. And it is about time somebody challenged you. You are so very certain and so serious all the time and everybody takes you too seriously. And all the girls are intimidated by you,though God knows why. You work too much. You keep a schedule that would kill an ordinary man. You never eat on time. And I'm certain you sleep in this blasted room."
The accurate observation caused John to smile.
But she was not done. "You need to stop working so hard. You need time for enjoyment. You need a wife. And Margaret is just the right girl. She is not intimidated by you,so she would manage you quite nicely. She may even be a softening influence on you."
He waited until he was certain that she was finished with her speech and then asked,"Are you hungry?"
She blinked at the abrupt change in conversation. "Watson told me you are always hungry these days," he said with a fond smile at her befuddled expression.
"That was a very good attempt to distract me,and . . . well,I am hungry," Fanny gave up now that she had made her point. She relaxed against the upholstered seat with a satisfied smile.
John pulled the bell and instructed the maid to bring in a tray. A heaping plate was delivered with surprising swiftness.
Fanny moved her feet to make room for him on the ottoman. He sat down and held the plate for her.
"I wish we had more time to plan the wedding but I am sure I will have everything ready in two weeks," she said,picking up a sandwich.
"No,you will not," he said firmly. "You will exhaust yourself. And I don't believe Margaret cares for a grand wedding."
"Even a simple wedding needs to be planned and I want to plan this wedding. I have nothing to do all day. I am going mad with inactivity. I will soon be entering confinement and it is going to be worse. Please,John," she pleaded,turning huge eyes at him.
He relented with exasperation. "Alright,you can help with the planning," but paused to emphasise,"only planning. You will not oversee anything." He stared at her an extra moment. "Is that understood?"
She made a face but seemed to understand that it was the only concession he was prepared to make.
"Alright,fine," she agreed and bit into her sandwich.
Three days later,Margaret found herself seated in the spacious and comfortable parlour in the Watson's town house.
Margaret had first met Fanny at the dinner party and had been immediately struck by the difference in temperament between the brother and the sister. Fanny radiated a casual friendliness that instantly put one at ease.
Glancing around the room,Margaret thought that it suited Fanny. The parlour was done in blue damask and the floor was covered with thick carpeting,creating a cosy and quiet space removed from the bustle of the city outside.
Hearing the rustle of silk skirts,Margaret looked towards the door and rose when Fanny appeared.
"Miss Hale!" Fanny rushed into the room,hands outstretched. "I am so delighted you could come," she said with a warm smile,taking Margaret's hand in a welcoming clasp.
"Mrs Watson. I hope you are doing well."
"Oh,please call me Fanny," she smiled widely. "And may I call you Margaret?"
"Yes,of course," Margaret said promptly.
"My husband will come shortly,but he might have to leave soon after. I have already sent for tea and refreshments," Fanny said,as she settled herself on the settee,next to Margaret.
"I must say I have been terribly impatient to meet you," Fanny said. "We did not have the opportunity to get to know each other properly. But I am certain we will make up for lost time."
Fanny continued breezily,"I asked John if he could come by for a visit and he said he would try."
Margaret's amusement faded instantly. She did not want to meet him. It felt too soon. Even though she had read the announcement in the paper,it was hard to believe that they were engaged,especially when none of the usual events or emotions were associated with the fact.
"You are going to have to get to know him eventually," Fanny said kindly.
It was disconcerting to be so easily read but Fanny was regarding her with understanding.
Margaret nodded and Fanny tactfully moved on to safer subjects.
"Who will be attending from your family?" she enquired.
"My aunt is travelling in Italy but my cousin,Edith,is in London. I hope she can attend. She has a young baby and it may be difficult for her to take a train journey."
"How old is the baby?" Fanny asked with immediate interest.
"Six months."
There was a movement at the door and when Margaret turned round,she saw a man walk in. His gaze took in the two women before settling on Fanny with a smile. When he reached Fanny,he bent to kiss her on the cheek,his hand gently squeezing her shoulder.
He straightened and he held out his hand to Margaret with a welcoming smile. "I am very pleased to meet you."
"Mr Watson," Margaret greeted. He was middle-aged with silver streaks in his hair. He had a handsome and kind face and an engaging manner. She liked him instantly.
He took the chair next to his wife. "Milton must have been quite a change from Hampshire," he remarked. "How did you find it?"
"It took me a while to get used to it," Margaret admitted. "The factories,the warehouses. It is so large that I still lose my way," she smiled. "But I found much to admire—its energy,its modernity."
Mr Watson nodded approvingly. "Not everyone has an appreciation for its qualities. I'm glad you see past the smoke and the noise."
"George,I think you will want to talk to Margaret about the workers. Did I tell you,she has made friends with the union leader,Higgins," Fanny told her husband.
"Remarkable." He looked impressed.
Margaret gave a cautious smile. She was surprised that Fanny would bring the matter up as it had been an open point of conflict between her and Mr Thornton.
"You must tell me about it," he said. "It would be a refreshing change to hear the worker's side. Although,I must warn you,John will put the master's side quite persuasively."
"Oh,Margaret already knows that," Fanny told him. "And she is quite persuasive herself. We are sure to have many entertaining dinner conversations." She exchanged a smile with her husband.
"I will look forward to them." Watson consulted his pocket-watch. "I am afraid if I stay any longer,I will be late for my meeting," he told Fanny.
"With the corporators?" Fanny asked.
He nodded and rose from his chair.
"Good luck."
Bending,he kissed her affectionately. "When I return,perhaps we can take a walk if you are not too tired."
Fanny smiled with pleasure. "I would love that."
After Watson left,the conversation turned to wedding preparation. Margaret remembered the long-ago conversation with Henry where she had described the kind of wedding she preferred—waking up on a fine summer morning,taking a short walk to the church through the shade of trees with no bridesmaids and no wedding breakfast. Hearing Fanny describe the flower arrangements and the decoration and the menu,Margaret discovered that the wedding would be quite different from her idyllic vision. But it wasn't the wedding that troubled her.
Margaret couldn't seem to shake off the sadness that she felt after watching Mr Watson and Fanny together. It was clear that they were devoted to each other. The shared smiles,the easy intimacy and the evident concern for each other spoke of a deep attachment. How wonderful to love and be loved like that. Her heart had filled with gloom when she realised that her marriage would never be anything close to it.
"Margaret?"
She looked up in surprise,unaware that she had been off in her own thoughts.
"I am sorry," she said automatically. "I . . . I was wool-gathering."
"Is something wrong?"
"I . . ." she began and then stopped,unsure what she wanted to say or if she wanted to say anything at all.
Fanny was patiently waiting for her.
"I do not know how to . . ." she looked at her hands,struggling for words ". . . feel about all this."
"I can understand."
"No,you cannot!" Margaret immediately shot back,unable to stop herself. Fanny with her perfect marriage could never understand her situation. And the last thing she wanted was pity. She felt irritated with herself for making a mess of what had been an unexpectedly pleasant visit. She raised her chin. "I apologise. Please ignore me. It is all too sudden,that is all," Margaret said,wishing she didn't sound so stiff. Or so resigned.
Fanny was regarding her with sympathy. "You must think me so silly,chattering on about the wedding but . . . may I say something please?"
Margaret nodded warily.
"I did not mean to condescend. I realise it must be very difficult for you,feeling like you have no choice in the most important decision of your life but you do have a choice," she said carefully. "This marriage may seem like the end of everything,but it could also be a beginning. And it can be,if you decide so."
Margaret was utterly disarmed. She had expected that Fanny would try to convince her of her brother's qualities,as her own father had tried to do. Instead,she was offering a perspective to her situation that Margaret had not considered herself. Things were happening so quickly and so irrevocably for her to think about the future with anything other than dread. But could it be as Fanny was suggesting? Margaret did not know if she could answer the question with any honesty,especially now when all her feelings and fears were still too raw.
But Fanny was right. Sooner or later the time would come for her to decide and that decision would perhaps be far more permanent than the one being taken away from her now.
She looked at Fanny,surprised and touched by the understanding and advice she offered.
"I will remember that," she promised.
Fanny slid her hand over hers and pressed warmly.
"Perfect timing!" Fanny said brightly as the maid brought in an elaborate tea service.
"Shall I pour?" Margaret asked.
"Please," Fanny allowed and gratefully sat back against the cushions.
"What a pretty bracelet," she remarked when Margaret handed her her cup.
Margaret looked at the ornament on her wrist. "It was my mother's."
"Your mother . . . ?"
"She passed away when I was a young girl," she said and then because she couldn't well stop at that,she told the rest—being sent to London to live with her Aunt,growing up with Edith and then returning to Helstone after Edith's marriage.
"My mother passed away when I was thirteen," Fanny said when it was her turn. "It was very sudden. We did not expect it. After her death,it was just me and John and he was so busy. So he found me a perfect school in Cheltenham called Swinbourne. You must have heard of it."
"Yes," Margaret nodded. Swinbourne was a well-known boarding school for girls,with a sterling reputation. Margaret was somewhat surprised that Mr Thornton did not consider a governess for Fanny but she imagined it would have been hard for a single man to raise a young sister,even with the help of a governess.
"I was there for four year. It was a great place,we had excellent teachers. It was a bit rigorous," Fanny made a small frown,"but John thought it all the better for it. He would bring me home for Christmas and visit as often as he could. We all looked forward to his visits." At Margaret's quizzical glance,Fanny clarified with a meaningful grin,"All the girls."
"Not all,surely," Margaret said reflexively.
"John is not as forbidding as he seems," Fanny said with a smile. "He's rather sweet once you get to know him."
Margaret had started to lift her cup,but she put it back in the saucer with a little rattle.
Grinning,Fanny continued,"Of course,I'm partial but you must trust me. He can be quite diverting when he chooses to be."
It was Margaret's opinion that "sweet" or "diverting" were not the words one would apply to the man that she had agreed to marry,but there seemed little point in saying it to Fanny. Besides,the man himself had arrived.
Margaret might have had her back to the door,but she knew that he was standing there. She did not know how she knew it,but she did. And sure enough,Fanny glanced up and exclaimed,"John,you could make it after all!"
Margaret did not turn around but she heard him walk into the room and a moment later,he reached the sitting area.
"Miss Hale," he greeted her in his deep voice.
Margaret looked up and met his gaze. "Mr Thornton."
"I did not know you had a guest," he said to his sister as he took a seat opposite Margaret.
"Margaret is not a guest. She is family," Fanny corrected. "Would you like some tea?" she asked.
At his nod,Margaret slid forward to make him a cup. After pouring the hot liquid and removing the sieve from the cup,she lifted her gaze to him in question,her hand poised over the cream pot.
"No cream," he replied.
Her hand moved and hovered over the sugar tongs and again she lifted her gaze to him.
"No sugar."
Out of the corner of her eyes,she could see Fanny watching this spontaneous but silent choreography avidly.
As she handed him the cup,his finger brushed against hers when he took the saucer. Swiftly withdrawing her hand,Margaret picked up her milky and sweetened tea and curled her finger around the handle.
Murmuring that she needed to fetch something,Fanny rose from the settee and went to the writing bureau in the far corner of the room.
His presence somehow seemed to change the quality of the air in the room. It was an absurd notion,but Margaret couldn't seem to help it.
"Has the wound not healed?"
She raised her head and saw his eyes linger briefly where she still covered the gash with her hair before resting on her face again. There was something new in his gaze. It was at once concerned and caressing,and her nerves jangled uneasily at the realisation.
"It will in a day or two," she said.
"It should have healed by now," he said and then decided,"I will ask Dr Donaldson to examine it."
"There is no need," she said crisply. "Dr Lowe said it will heal soon."
"Did Lowe examine it after that day?" he questioned.
She gave him a stony look.
Correctly interpreting her silence,he said,"I will send Dr Donaldson tomorrow."
She opened her mouth to argue but bit back her words. The last thing she wanted to do was draw Fanny's attention. They sat in charged silence until it was broken by the sound of Fanny rummaging through the drawers. Eager for any kind of distraction,Margaret turned around in her seat.
"Do you require any assistance?" she asked.
"No,no. It is here somewhere," she said,opening another drawer. "Ah,found it," she called and returned with folded sheets of paper.
"Please give this to Grimsby." She handed the sheets to John and then,looked towards Margaret to explain,"Grimsby is butler at Marlborough." Turning to her brother,she added,"I have all the instructions written there."
John leafed through the closely written sheets and looked like he wanted to question,but then decided against it and put the missive in his pocket.
"It isn't easy for him to let me plan the wedding," Fanny said,sitting down. "You see," she spoke in a whisper loud enough for him to hear,"John has this infuriating need to control everything within his reach."
Margaret could only agree.
Casting a quick glance at the timepiece,Margaret set aside her cup.
"It is getting late,I must be going," she said picking up her gloves. "Thank you for the lovely tea. I had a wonderful time," she smiled warmly at Fanny.
"How did you arrive?" he asked.
"I walked."
"I will escort you."
Margaret clenched her jaw and then slowly unclenched it when she saw Fanny smiling at them with expectation.
Margaret watched him as he stood up. He was so tall and large and moved with such purpose that she felt a shock of awareness as he approached her.
"Shall we?" he asked.
A/N:I wonder whether you are shocked,amused or sputtering.
A weak Mr Hale (this is much closer to the book),a pregnant and happily married Fanny,and no Hannah Thornton! I needed to make these changes to the supporting characters and back story because then I can shade John and Margaret a little differently and have them behave in new and interesting and hopefully believable ways.
Please tell me how you feel about this very non-canon chapter. I am eager to read your reaction and frankly,a bit nervous.
Much love,
SQ

-THE BETROTHAL-
Margaret stood in the entrance hall while John rang for a housemaid.
When the maid brought her outer garment and hat,he took them from the girl. He held them for Margaret and stood aside to watch her as she pulled on her coat.
Margaret was still seething from his high-handed treatment and the implication that she was some brainless female who could not distinguish between a serious injury and a superficial graze. It didn't help that he was staring at her in a proprietorial way. No doubt he thought that he would be making decisions for her from now on.
"Mr Thornton," she began tautly,"I hope you will not take this as an affront,but it is best if certain things are clarified right away."
He appeared to listen with all attention.
"I will not be commanded against my will," she said bluntly.
"Even if it is for your own good?" he asked.
"I am perfectly capable of deciding what is good for me."
"That is debatable,wouldn't you say?" he asked,his voice scrupulously polite.
She stopped and gave him a sharp look. Of course,she thought bitterly,if she knew what was good for her she would have waited with Fanny as he had instructed her to do instead of rushing out to talk with the mob. And of course,none of this would be happening.
With a cold glance,she turned around to face the mirror and secured her hat. Her anger was hardly mitigated by the fact that he was right.
"I am not a child," she said crossly.
After a well-timed pause,he said,"I am aware of that."
She looked up and caught his gaze in the looking glass. She coloured violently. She felt acutely self-conscious,as if her skin were too tight for her. She longed for the same confidence to stare back at him. To cover her unease,she made a project of efficiently pulling on her gloves and fastening the little buttons at her wrist.
She turned to face him and said in as cool a tone as she could muster,"Crampton is only a short walk from here."
His eyes contained a hint of friendly mockery. "Are you suddenly afraid of being seen with me?"
"No," she replied instantly.
"Then walk with me," he said easily.
It seemed there was nothing that she could say that would annoy him. And she wanted to annoy him. She did not want him to be good-humoured and calm. She wanted him to be angry and ill-tempered. She wanted him to prove that he was everything she feared and worse.
She did not want him to accept the situation with such equanimity—almost as if he were looking forward to it—because then she would have no excuse for holding on to her resentment.
"Come," he said. The next thing she knew,he had taken her hand and tucked it into the crook of his arm and they were stepping outside.
Dusk was fast approaching and the air had grown a bit chilly. They walked in silence for a few minutes. He shortened his strides to match hers and walked with an easy masculine grace. She noticed that he wasn't wearing an overcoat or gloves. Not that he needed to. She could feel the heat of his arm beneath her hand.
"I trust your visit with Fanny went well," he asked conversationally.
"Yes."
"She can get very carried away," he cautioned. "You do not have to agree to all of her suggestions."
"Only yours," she retorted,unable to prevent herself.
She felt the muscles in his arm tighten. She wondered why her emotions defied all reason when it came to him. She knew that it was not wise to provoke him. It had been different when he had been an acquaintance but as her future husband,she ought to regard him with some amount of respect. Almost all of her happiness depended on how he treated her but right now,she couldn't make herself care.
She prepared herself for a scathing reply. Instead,there was an unaccountable silence.
"I do not require obedience from my wife," he finally said.
Margaret could not help staring at him,astonishment and disbelief visible in her face.
"You do not believe me," he said with gentle accusation.
Her mouth clamped into a taut line. Of course,she did not believe him. He was a man who demanded obedience from everyone in his sphere. It was the first thing she had known about him. Why should his wife be exempt?
"You require it from everyone else," she pointed out.
"True," he agreed. "But not from you. Though I hope you will consider my advice in the spirit that it is given. But it is not the same as requiring obedience,is it?"
Margaret wasn't sure how to reply. He seemed to be trying to get her to trust him but she had always guarded herself closely and it was not easy for her to suddenly accept whatever he was saying.
"And what about your workers," she asked after a moment.
Her deliberate evasion brought a wry smile to his lips but went along. "What about them?"
"I have heard the workers speak as though the masters would like them to be ignorant and childlike with a blind unreasoning kind of obedience."
"Is that what Higgins has been telling you?"
"So you deny it?"
"No," he said readily. "I maintain that despotism is the best kind of government for the workers. In the hours they work for me,I am an autocrat. I demand their full compliance during work hours but what they do after it is no concern of mine."
"And what about how they spend their money?"
"That would be none of my business."
"But what about your moral duty?" she insisted. "Surely you can see that they would appreciate if you took an interest."
"Would they?"
Margaret darted a glance at him,convinced that he was mocking her,but discovered that he was seriously interested in her answer.
"Well,perhaps not . . . appreciate," she said,giving the matter some thought,"but it will certainly go a long way in assuaging their fears."
"What do you suggest?"
"To begin with,you know so much about finance." She warmed up to the subject,forgetting to be self-conscious. "You can advise them on the best ways to economise. With your influence,you can arrange amenities that they would otherwise never have access to. It would require very little effort on your part but it would make such a valuable difference in their lives. It would wash away a great deal of the bitterness they feel towards the masters."
Margaret was so engrossed that it took her a few moments to notice that he was regarding her with an arrested expression on his face. She promptly shut up.
He shook his head. "Charming as your ideas are,they won't work. I am their employer and my only duty toward them is the efficient running of the mill. If I neglect that,all the workers will cease to have an income."
"But you must take an interest."
"My interest will be regarded as the worst sort of interference." Leaning closer,he lowered his tone as if imparting a great secret. "Here in the North,we value our independence."
Margaret was silent,her forehead puckered in thought.
"What are you thinking?" he asked.
"I am trying to reconcile your admiration of despotism with your respect for independence."
"I choose to be the unquestioned master during the hours that they work for me. But when they step out of the mill,then comes the same respect for their independence that I myself exact." His eyes glinted with amusement. "Sorry to disappoint you,Margaret,it seems you would like me to play the overbearing master after all."
She reddened instantly. "I meant simple concern for their welfare," she recovered briskly. "It is not the same as trampling on their independence."
"And yet you will not concede that it was concern that prompted me to suggest that you visit Dr Donaldson. You believe I was trying to impose my will upon you."
She was red-faced with embarrassment,the kind when one's own logic is used against oneself.
To her relief,he didn't press the matter further and walked the remaining few moments in silence.
"Well,Margaret," he said,when they reached the steps to Crampton. She slipped her hand from his arm and turned to face him. "It wasn't such a hardship now,was it?" he asked,the corners of his eyes crinkling. "You even managed to lecture me."
"For all the impression it made on you," she muttered.
He smiled then,fully and so charmingly that she was left speechless.
"Margaret."
"Mr Thornton."
She turned around and climbed the steps of her home,aware of his gaze on her back until she opened the door and escaped inside.
Edith arrived two days before the wedding,bringing little Sholto and his nurse with her. Captain Lennox was away on regimental duty and had sent his regrets and best wishes.
In her letter,Margaret had described the circumstances that led to the engagement as briefly and as neutrally as possible. It was embarrassing to acknowledge that her own foolishness had cost her her freedom and her right to choice and she wanted nothing more than to get over with it as quickly as possible. Unfortunately for her,even though Edith understood that the wedding was necessary,it did not stop her from railing against the situation that Margaret had only just recently reconciled to.
"But how shocking all this is!" Edith exclaimed. "Mamma wouldn't like it at all."
Margaret silently collected the lace and fabric samples that were spread on the divan and the sofa. Fanny had arranged to have a dressmaker create a wedding dress and a few new gown for Margaret in what was surely a new record-time for preparing a wedding trousseau. Edith had insisted upon inspecting them and had looked reluctantly impressed.
"What was uncle thinking of bringing you here?" Edith continued.
"Edith,please."
"If only you had stayed with us in London,none of this would have happened," she went on pettishly.
Margaret had gone over the same thing over and over again in the days immediately following her acceptance. She was beginning to feel tired of all the belated outrage on her behalf. She dumped all the samples and material in the sewing basket and snapped the lid shut. "I have no one to blame but myself."
"Nonsense,and double nonsense! Oh,why couldn't you have accepted Henry?" Edith began on her favourite topic. "It would have been so wonderful. We could have all lived together in Harley Street. Poor Henry. You should have seen his face when he heard about—"
"Edith,enough!" Margaret said sharply.
Edith immediately sat down,looking like a wounded animal. "You know,Margaret,you have the worst temper," she swiped a hand under her eye.
Margaret sighed wretchedly. "I am so sorry," she said. "But it is no use talking in that way. You know I don't like it."
Sniffling haughtily,Edith began spreading out the shawls that she had brought from London,refusing to look at her cousin. This went on for a couple of minutes.
It was an old habit of their:Margaret would feel guilty about expressing her opinions too strongly and feel like a villain and Edith would claim injured feeling and act like an innocent victim.
"Edith," Margaret cajoled,"please,don't be like this."
Edith gave her a long-suffering look but quickly yielded as she was eager to show off her purchases.
"This is an Indian shawl," Edith informed her as pulled out a brightly coloured piece. After carefully refolding the shawl lengthwise,she draped it over her arm and held it up to display the design.
Unsatisfied with the effect,she pulled Margaret to her feet. "Let me see it on you."
Margaret's slender and willowy figure was perfect for showing off the long beautiful folds and the pretty borders. She stood obediently as Edith twisted her around and artfully draped the shawl.
Edith stood away a little to gaze at her. "I knew it would suit you the moment I saw it," she said triumphantly. "Just look," she turned Margaret around to face the mirror over the chimney-piece.
Smiling at her own appearance,Margaret gently touched the shawl,taking pleasure in its softness and brilliant colours. "It is lovely. Thank you." She slipped an arm around Edith's waist and gave her an affectionate squeeze.
Now that peace was restored between the cousins,they worked together and began packing away the shawls.
"What is Mr Thornton like?" Edith asked suddenly.
Margaret hesitated. She was not sure how to describe him,given that she herself did not know very much about him and whatever she did know was not very complimentary.
"He is a very busy man," she said. It was the easiest thing that came to her,but the words came out as a complaint. She was surprised to discover that she was somewhat miffed that he hadn't come to visit her since the day he escorted her home. She wasn't sure what the neglect meant—was it deliberate or was it because he was truly busy. She wondered why did she care. Shouldn't she be glad?
Edith was not satisfied. "What does he look like?"
"He is . . ." Margaret hesitated again.
Objectively speaking,he was a handsome man. But handsome did not quite describe him. He had an undefinable air about him as if he were somehow apart from the people and the world he moved in. She had noticed it during the dinner party—that even as he belonged in that room,he was watching it from a distance as well. There was a certain inaccessibility to him,a cool fire about him that intrigued her. But such a thing was impossible to convey to someone who had not met him.
Margaret wasn't sure if she was being terribly fanciful in attributing such qualities to him. Her father thought him an exceptionally intelligent and successful man and his sister believe him "sweet" and "diverting."
"Margaret!"
She turned her head to face Edith,who was regarding her with an irritated expression.
"He is tall," Margaret said. "Very tall,actually."
"Even for you?" Edith asked.
"You make me sound like a pole," Margaret complained. Edith held herself as a measure against which to compare everyone. And it was only in comparison to Edith that Margaret appeared very tall. In reality,she was only slightly taller than average.
"Is he fair or dark?" Edith asked impatiently.
"He is—" She stopped when she noticed Mary,who had just arrived at the door.
"Mr Thornton is here,miss," she announced.
They both froze momentarily with surprise at the news. Edith gave an incredulous look before laughing,"What superb timing!"
Margaret tried to appear unaffected but her heart lurched. "Please show him here," she said to Mary.
Edith quickly smoothed her hair and arranged her skirts prettily about her,eager to meet the man that her cousin had such trouble describing.
Mr Thornton appeared in the doorway. Tall,regal and handsome. He paused for a brief second,surveying the room. His gaze swiftly took in Edith and then rested on Margaret.
"Mr Thornton," Margaret rose from her seat. "This is my cousin. Mrs Edith Lennox."
"Mrs Lennox," he bowed politely.
"I am very pleased to meet you," she smiled.
He took a chair near Margaret.
"Shall I send for some tea?" Margaret enquired.
"No,thank you," he said. He looked at the small pile of shawls on the divan.
"We were just putting these away," Margaret said by way of explanation.
Edith was studying him with an interested expression. "Margaret tells me that you have been quite busy," she said.
Margaret wanted to kick her.
"I trust everything is back to normal at the mill?" Margaret asked quickly,let he attach any personal meaning to Edith's statement.
"Yes," he replied. "Things are under control."
"I wish Captain Lennox could have come," Edith said. "He would have so many questions for you. He is very impressed with machinery. He told me he might dabble in cotton when he sells his commission."
"I am not sure I'm the one to speak to," he said gravely.
"Oh," Edith blinked uncertainly.
Margaret found that if it weren't for the tiny wry tug at the corner of his mouth,it would have been impossible to tell that he was privately amused at the notion that he would have any advice to offer on how to dabble in cotton.
Ever the accomplished hostess,Edith covered her confusion with a bright smile. "Well. If you will excuse me,I will go upstairs and see how Sholto is faring." She slipped from the room and flashing an encouraging smile,closed the door behind her.
"Sholto," he mused. "Interesting name."
"It is Scottish," she informed him. "Edith picked the name when she holidayed in the Highlands."
She felt into an undecided silence as she tried to imagine the purpose of his visit.
"I see the wound has healed," he remarked.
"Yes. Of course," she said,reflexively raising a hand to her temple. Dr Donaldson had visited her and given her a salve to apply to it. Now that the wound was no longer visible,she had combed her hair away from her face.
"And how are the preparations coming along?" he asked.
"Quite well. Your sister has been most helpful."
He nodded,smiling. He pulled out a jeweller's box from his coat pocket. "I came to give you this."
She looked at the box dumbly for a moment,before she understood what it contained. Taking a deep breath,she took the box from him.
"Will you not look?" he asked.
"Of course." That she would receive a betrothal ring from him was still such a far-fetched idea that her mind needed a few moments to comprehend it.
Setting the box in her lap,she carefully released the small clasp and opened it. Cushioned between the dark velvet folds was a slim band of gold with a stunning emerald set in the centre and small diamonds surrounding it. It was exquisite.
She looked up.
"Do you like it?" he asked casually.
"It's . . . you didn't have to," she said.
"Why not?"
She opened her mouth and then shut it. She had been about to say that betrothal rings were for couples in love.
"We are to be married in two days,a betrothal ring isn't necessary," she improvised.
"I would like you to have one."
"It is beautiful," she said softly. "Thank you."
"May I?" he asked.
Before she could answer,he stood up and settled next to her on the sofa. He took the box from her hands and plucked the ring from its cushion. For such a large man,there was a captivating lightness with which he held the delicate ring.
She held her breath as he took her hand and slipped the ring on her finger,gently pushing it over her knuckle until it sat snugly in place.
That the ring was a perfect fit was noticed by both but neither commented on it. He continued holding her hand as they sat together,looking at the ring. Margaret sensed a quiet but powerful tension building in the air. Her heart was beating too fast and her skin prickled. It was a strange new emotion,at once exhilarating and terrifying. She wondered if he felt it too. She risked a glance at him but his eyes were lowered,concealing their expression.
Surprised at how closely they were seated,she took the opportunity to study him discreetly. As always,he was dressed in forbidding black and white. His black silk cravat was tied in a simple,crisp knot. He smelled of clean linen and fresh shave. His jaw was closely shaved but she could see the dark hint of his stubble. A lock of his hair had fallen over his forehead—nothing very unruly but for some reason,it captivated her. She felt heat sweep across her face as she wondered what would happen if she dared to push it back. Would he react with surprise or would he be pleased. Would he touch her in return—
Appalled by the direction of her thoughts,she swiftly pulled her hand away and stood up.
"I have something for you. If you will wait a moment,I will fetch it."
She hurried out without waiting for his reply. Picking up her skirts,she ran up the stairs. As soon as she reached the hallway,Edith popped her head out of her door.
"Has he left?" she asked.
"No." Margaret entered her bedroom. Edith stepped out and followed her inside.
"Then what are you doing here?"
"I came to fetch something." Margaret opened the top drawer of her nightstand and took out the handkerchief that he had offered her on the day he proposed.
"What is that?" Edith asked.
"Edith,can we talk later? He is alone downstairs," Margaret tried to walk around her.
"Nonsense! You should let him wait a little," Edith advised,blocking her way. "Now tell me."
Knowing that there was no reasoning with Edith,Margaret held out her hand. "He came to give me this."
Unable to see much in the dim light of the room,Edith grabbed Margaret's hand and brought her near the window. She pushed the curtains aside and sucked in a gasp when she saw the ring.
"Oh!"
In the bright light of the day,the ring sparkled and glittered. It was truly stunning. She had not expected a ring,much less one that was carefully chosen. The emerald was a perfect match for her eyes. Some traitorous part of her thrilled in the knowledge that he had especially picked the ring for her. She had not thought that he would care very much about such things.
"I expect you shall be very spoiled," Edith predicted with a sly smile.
"Can I go now?"
Feeling much more in control of her thoughts,she made her way to the sitting room. He appeared to be studying one of her watercolours. The scene he was looking at was of an ancient cottage near the woods in Helstone. It was one of her better efforts.
She went to where he was standing,taking care to maintain an appropriate distance between them.
"Did you paint this?" he asked,seemingly absorbed by the picture.
"Yes," she said. She pointed to the figure standing bareheaded in the sun,leaning on his stick at the front of the cottage. "This is Isaac. The foresters were going to pull down his cottage as soon as he died."
"So you painted them before they were no more seen."
Margaret nodded.
"How did you fill up your days in Helstone?" he asked,turning to her.
"There was much to do. I visited the parishioners,read to the old people,brought food for the poor,taught at the school,organised the annual fete."
"And painted watercolours and read Dante," he completed. "The perfect parson's daughter," he said softly,smiling.
She gave a brief smile.
He turned his attention back to the painting. "What is this?" he asked,lightly brushing a fingertip over a white blob hanging from the branch of a tree. "A bird's nest?"
"Oh no," she laughed,"that is my bonnet."
He turned when he heard her laugh,as if the sound of it captivated him. The smile slowly faded from her face and was replaced with a heated blush as his gaze remained riveted to her face,the painting now completely forgotten.
Margaret was used to appreciative glances from men,but it was first time that he was regarding her with such open admiration. In all her fixation with him and his faults,she had never bothered to consider what his feelings might be about her. And right now he was making it abundantly clear. She was flattered that a man such as him found her desirable but she was ashamed that she was flattered and ashamed that she had invited it on herself.
"Why weren't you betrothed to anyone?" he asked suddenly.
Margaret was momentarily taken aback by the question. But the next instant,colour surged to her face. Her thoughts immediately went to Henry and his proposal. But it was not something she could tell him.
"Nineteen is too young to be betrothed," she said.
He didn't seem satisfied with the answer. "Is that what you told them?"
She stiffened. "There were no them."
"One then."
Margaret was caught,unable to confirm or deny. But he,of course,had his answer. She looked away in chagrin.
Remembering the handkerchief,she held it out in front of her in a bid to stop further questions. "I wanted to return this."
Ignoring the handkerchief,he contemplated her for what seemed to her a long time.
Margaret tried not to fidget but she was starting to feel foolish standing there,holding out a handkerchief that he didn't seem interested in at all. "You offered it on—"
"I remember."
The look of intense concentration finally left his face. "I was curious," he admitted.
"Is that an apology?"
"Do you want one?"
She frowned at him deciding how to respond but in the end,chose not to pursue the subject and thrust the handkerchief at him again. "Will you take this please?"
He looked away for a moment,trying to hide his smile before looking back at her and taking it from her. "Thank you."
"I must be going," he said,returning the handkerchief to his pocket. "I believe you still have a lot of things to do."
She nodded. Margaret had yet to pack her belongings,meagre though they were. And she was still in the midst of settling her father's household so that it could run smoothly without her.
She followed him out of the room and down the stairs,unconsciously twisting the ring on her finger. She had never worn a ring before. It was a new and strange weight and it would take a while to get accustomed to the feel of it.
While he collected his things,she remained in contemplative silence. How capricious life was,she thought. She had been the perfect parson's daughter. She had found great enjoyment in filling the post of the only daughter in Helstone parsonage. But when that role was gone,she had tried to involve herself in the struggles of Milton's workers. And now that too was being taken away from her and she was being thrust into the role of a capitalist's wife.
They both lingered in the foyer for some strange reason,a hundred questions filling the air between them.
"Don't look so sombre," he said gently. "There is no reason why we can't be happy together."
Margaret lifted her face to him and as their gazes caught,she was surprised to discover that he actually meant it.
She was confused by his contradictions and the complex emotions she felt towards him. A few moments ago,he had looked as if he would pry all her secrets and now,he looked so steady and sure. He did not seem to admit that a match between them would never work and she knew that it would be churlish—and pointless—of her to insist otherwise.
Besides,marriage was always a risk,wasn't it?
She swallowed hard and gave him a small but hopeful nod.
As she watched him leave,she realised that the next time she would see him,he would be waiting for her at the altar.
A/N:Thank you for all the wonderful comments and all the encouragement. I thought a chapter before the wedding where we can see them interact and establish some of the dynamics between them would be useful and hopefully interesting. Also because I am writing the characters somewhat differently,especially John,we need a chapter like this to reveal the personalities a bit more.
I am so excited about the next chapter. I hope you are as well. Till then,take care,thanks for reading and please leave a comment!
Love,
SQ

-THE WEDDING-
Margaret woke up on the day of her wedding with astonishing calmness.
The previous night,Edith had all but locked her inside her room and forced her to catch some sleep. Margaret had complained at that time,but now she was grateful. Sitting in the relative quiet of her room,she could heard the household already buzzing with activity.
"Wake up!" Edith knocked on Margaret's door. "You don't want to be late for your own wedding," she called cheerfully.
"Did you not advise me to let him wait a little," Margaret asked with a wry smile,as she opened the door.
"Not today,you silly goose," Edith grinned and let herself inside the room.
Within minutes,Margaret found herself in the centre of a whirlwind. It was dizzying to watch Edith. She was everywhere at once,bustling in and out of rooms,issuing orders to Mary and the nurse,whom she had enlisted as a temporary lady's maid.
There was an endless commotion for this and that. Items were brought forth,considered and then put aside until they were again required and had to be hunted for. Trunks were emptied,almirahs were raided and her bedroom resembled a warzone with scissors and needles and pins scattered on every available surface.
Or so it seemed to Margaret.
She understood that it was futile to resist so she quietly turned herself over to her cousin.
The tightening and tugging and smoothening and tucking went on for hours until Edith was satisfied with the results.
Finally,finally she was dressed. And Margaret was allowed a moment to simply breath.
And finally feel all her nerves bundle and coil in the pit of her stomach.
The carriage would arrive any minute to take them to the church. Her belongings had already been taken away earlier in the morning to her new home.
Margaret breathed deeply,trying to calm herself. Wandering to the mirror,she studied herself carefully and knew that she looked her best.
The gown was made of delicate satin and was cut in a simple and modest style with long tight-fitted sleeves. There were no frills or flounces to the gown but it wasn't completely lacking in embellishment. The hem was trimmed with intricate lace as was the edge of her bodice and the cuff of her sleeves. The full,pleated skirt was clinched with a belt of the same white satin and emphasised her slim waist.
A lace veil that fell the full length of the gown from a small coronet of orange-flower blossoms along with satin slippers and short gloves completed the bridal ensemble. Before wearing her gloves,Margaret had moved her engagement ring to the third finger,leaving the ring finger free to accept the wedding band.
"The carriages are here," Edith announced,stepping inside the room.
Margaret arrived at the church with her father and Edith. The usher greeted them and led them to the vestibule from a side door. Mr Bell,Sholto and his nurse were already seated inside. She could hear the hum of the congregation and realised that a large one had gathered to witness this wedding.
"Margaret does us credit,does she not,uncle?" Edith asked.
Her father nodded,his eyes glistened and coming to her,he brushed a kiss on her forehead.
The usher opened the door a crack and music floated into the room.
"It's time," Edith remarked unnecessarily and looked at her. Despite their wildly different temperament,there was an unbreakable bond between them. The memories of childhood games and squabbles,whispered secrets and shared laughs lit up their eyes. "Oh,darling!" and with that Edith crushed Margaret into a tight embrace,forgetting all the care she had taken not to wrinkle the delicate satin.
A surprised half-sob,half-laugh escaped Margaret at that. Edith dabbed at her eyes and after placing a tender kiss on her cousin's cheek,carefully lowered the veil over Margaret's face.
This was it. She was standing in her bridal gown,just moments away from walking down the aisle. It was the moment that she had prepared herself for the last two weeks. Margaret drew a deep and long breath and nodded to her father. Edith took up her train.
The usher opened the door fully. Inside the church,the low murmuring ceased and was replaced with an expectant silence.
The congregation was indeed large and Margaret was absurdly grateful for the veil. Even though it was a fine lace,it gave her a sense of safety. She was aware of the eyes that assessed her and wondered about the circumstances that led to this sudden marriage.
She didn't look at him as she walked to the altar. She kept her eyes down the entire time and focused on breathing evenly. It was only when her father brought her to the altar and lifted her veil that she looked up. His blue gaze met hers,and they flared with some strong emotion she could not identify.
They turned and stood together and the ceremony began.
Margaret listened carefully to the familiar words. She heard his deep voice promising to love and to cherish her forever.
When it was her turn,she looked up into his eyes and repeated after the minister,". . . for better for worse,for richer for poorer,in sickness and in health,to love,cherish,and . . ." she paused for an imperceptible moment that only he was aware of ". . . to obey,till death us do part . . ."
He took the gold ring from the minister and placing it on her finger,spoke in a steady voice. "With this ring I thee wed,with my body I thee worship,and with all my worldly goods I thee endow," and with that,he pushed the ring on her finger.
They knelt down and the minister read out the final prayers and blessed them.
He stood up and helped her to rise. Together they went into the vestry,with their families following them. The parish register was laid out on the table and she signed herself as Margaret Hale for the last time.
And it was done.
She stood in the vestry feeling slightly numb. She was vaguely aware of Edith smoothing the veil behind her and the conversation between her father and Mr Watson.
"Ready?" he asked and at her nod,took her arm.
They stepped through the church door and she was stunned to be greeted by bright sunlight. She hadn't noticed the sky when she had arrived at the church but sometime during the ceremony the clouds had parted and the sun had come out. Margaret looked up and blinked in astonishment.
The world suddenly came into vivid focus.
Someone,rather several someones,showered rice and seeds at them and she heard the cheerful greeting of the guests as they spilled outside and the joyful pealing of the church bells.
In all her imaginings about how this day would playout,she had never expected that it would be such an unexpectedly—she briefly looked up again—sunny,bright and hopeful day. It was a perfect day to get married,she realised.
An inexplicable happiness bubbled within her and she found that she was smiling.
"Margaret?"
Still smiling,she turned to look at him.
His eyes were so vibrantly blue . . . it was the only thought she could form before he bent his head and kissed her.
It was a brief kiss and as he pulled away she heard the applause and heard Edith and Fanny laughing and the street urchins who had gathered to watch the wedding procession whistle loudly.
And instead of embarrassment,she felt happy. She instinctively understood that his kiss was born of the same simple,unguarded joy that she was feeling.
She may not have got the small,quiet wedding she had dreamed of,but she had got a happy wedding instead.
Because the house in Crampton would not be able to accommodate a wedding party,it had been decided that the breakfast would be held in the banquet room of the Clarendon. John had offered to host the party at Marlborough Mills but Mr Hale had said that he preferred a more neutral location as it would allow him to contribute equally to the wedding expense.
When John and Margaret arrived at the hotel,the manager was waiting for them outside and after congratulating them,showed them to the banquet hall. The hall was gorgeously decorated and tables and chairs were set out for the guests.
Fanny and Watson were the first to arrive.
"John!" Fanny exclaimed and he bent down to allow Fanny to kiss him on the cheek. "I am so happy." Then turning to Margaret,she gathered her in her usual warm hug. "We are truly sisters now."
Margaret's family soon came behind them. After another round of congratulations and wishes,the women whisked Margaret away to an adjoining room,presumably to fix her clothing before the guests arrived,although he didn't see anything that needed to be fixed. She was perfection.
"I think you have been caught," came a cheerful comment.
Forcing his features into a blank mask,John turned to face Watson.
John had known Watson for nearly seven years. They had started out as business associates—Watson had benefited from John's business acumen and John had benefitted from Watson's contacts. But as their acquaintance deepened over the years,they had discovered that they shared a lot of interests and were quite alike in many ways,despite the five year age difference between them. Like him,Watson was a man of science and progress,with scant patience for outdated notions. They would sit and argue about business and economics and scientific inventions for hours. In the last few years,Watson had turned his attention to politics and his election as the mayor was only the first step in what he hoped would be a long and fruitful political career. John had no political ambitions,having discovered a keen interest and talent for business early on. But the friendship they had struck up had held true and John continued using Watson as a sounding board for ideas and discussed most things with him—except,of course,private matters and Watson respected that. But it seemed that was about to change.
"I didn't believe it when Fanny told me but now I am inclined to agree with her," Watson said.
"You agree with everything she says."
"True," he admitted readily. "But we are talking about you. You know I had always wondered what sort of girl would catch your attention," Watson mused giving him a speculative look.
John decided it best to let Watson say his piece,any denial would only encourage him.
"In all the years I have known you,I'd never thought you would make such an obvious display," he continued,looking vastly amused.
Watson grinned at his silence. "Since you're not going to rise to the bait,I think I will save my opinions for later."
"Watson,not a day in your life has gone by when you've saved your opinions for later. Go ahead,say what you think."
Watson laughed. "Very well,I will say it. This marriage is no duty to you. If anything,you've managed to dispense with the courtship. I am almost sorry I will never see that. You shouldn't have gotten away so easily."
Watson had always been a shrewd fellow.
"Watson," John felt his face slide into a reluctant smile. "Go to the devil."
"I believe I will," Watson replied amiably and took himself off in Mr Bell's direction.
John knew that Watson was right. Such an obvious display had been uncharacteristic. John could hardly believe it of himself. He was not given to public display of emotion,or private for that matter. Standing at the altar,he had presented his usual calm façade to the world. No one had suspected the bizarre mix of triumph and desire and panic that had filled him as he had watched her walk down the aisle or the sense of responsibility and possessiveness that he had experienced when he had pushed his ring on her finger.
She had looked so serious and calm by his side throughout the ceremony and later when they had stepped outside that he had been consumed with the intense need to know what she was thinking,what she was feeling. He had been planning to ask or saying something to gauge her reaction.
But before he could,she had tipped her face to the light and smiled. And eclipsed the sun. Some pure and honest emotion had filled his heart then. He hadn't even know what he was doing. He had simply followed his instinct and for a man who never allowed instinct or emotions to so completely rule him,there was something alarming in the realisation.
He had hoped to approach marriage with the same careful consideration with which he approached everything. He knew that Margaret would be an ideal wife for a man of his station. She was cultured and graceful. She would conduct herself with poise and sophistication. She would be a wonderful hostess and an engaging companion. But he also knew that all these rationalizations had come after he had decided that he wanted her as his wife. And that decision had nothing to do with logic. All he knew was he had desired her from the moment he had laid eyes on her and he didn't care to analyse his feelings beyond that.
John kept Margaret by his side throughout the celebrations,introducing her to the guests. They were all charmed by her beauty,the southern lilt of her voice and her smile. The smile she now wore was her careful,social smile completely different from the artless,glorious one that he had seen this morning. But they were charmed,nonetheless.
An elaborate luncheon was served and trays of champagne circulated freely. The three wedding cakes were brought out and Margaret cut the rich,thickly frosted fruitcake meant for the guests. The slices were boxed and would be given to the guest when they departed. Which as far as he could tell would be a while.
Afternoon soon turned into evening and the celebrations continued with endless toasting. Fanny was comfortably ensconced with her friends,no doubt spinning some starry-eyed story about how deeply they were in love and how quickly they had wanted to marry,leaving her no time to plan a proper wedding. Judging from the expression of the women sitting with her,she was succeeding brilliantly.
Without realising it,both Margaret and he had also played to the role perfectly.
With her downcast eyes and shy footsteps,Margaret had looked the very picture of an innocent and demure bride as she walked down the aisle. And with that impulsive kiss outside the church he had acted like an infatuated groom. He knew without doubt that the guests present today will report back the story to those who had not received an invitation. Margaret's actions during the riot and the subsequent hasty marriage would be described as a charming story of romantic recklessness. Her reputation would be restored.
As the day wore on,he kept glancing repeatedly at Margaret and when he noticed the weary slump of her shoulders,he quickly called for a final toast and made a small speech,thanking everyone for their good wishes and for their presence.
They could leave now and the guest would depart shortly thereafter. The family gathered to bid them farewell.
"John," Mr Hale approached him. "I want to thank you for—"
"Please,Mr Hale," John interrupted. "There is no need."
Mr Hale seemed to hesitate. "Take care of her," he finally said. "She is very precious to me."
John tried to supress his sudden irritation with Mr Hale. For all his knowledge and education,Mr Hale was a weak and ineffectual man and from what he knew,a negligent father. After Margaret had accepted his proposal,John had immediately gone to meet Mr Hale at the Lyceum Hall. He was surprised to discover that Mr Hale's first concern had not been his daughter but the family reputation. He had to have known that Margaret must have given her agreement with great reluctance,yet he had only expressed his relief at her decision. So this belated concern for his daughter was not only pointless but also insulting to John.
"Come now,Richard," came Mr Bell's admonishment. "Our Margaret couldn't be in safer hands."
Ignoring Mr Bell,John looked at his father-in-law. "I will take care of her," he assured the old man gravely.
"There!" Mr Bell clapped his friend's shoulder. "Now cheer up,old chap."
Mr Hale nodded weakly and turned to look at his daughter,who stood with her cousin.
He saw Margaret laugh as she freed her veil from Sholto's chubby grip and shower his little face with kisses. Edith clasped Margaret in a tight embrace and made her promise to come to London soon.
She moved to her godfather next. Mr Bell took her hands in his and bid her a warm farewell. She finally turned towards her father. John watched with interest as she immediately adopted a soothing,brisk manner,as if he were a child. She kissed him on both cheek and reminded him to collect his woollen overcoat before leaving.
Facing away from her father,John saw her blink rapidly,fighting to control her emotions. He gently guided her outside and helped her into the carriage and once she was comfortably seated,pulled the door shut.
The carriage ride to the house was made in silence. After all the gaiety and chatter,John appreciated the quiet and he suspected so did Margaret. He noticed that her eyes were now clear but a new nervousness had slowly taken its place.
When they reached his home,one of the maids rushed out to the house to assist her and to take her bouquet. When she was ready,he led her inside,where they were met by the small household staff.
The word household or even house was to be applied loosely in his case. He had often thought about moving into a bachelor's apartment but the house was attached to the mill and even if he didn't need such a large house,it was convenient.
He spent most of his time in the mill and used only three rooms in the house—the study,the library and his bedroom. The sitting room and the formal dining room were used when he had his business associates over for dinner or drinks. He supposed the other rooms in the house were occasionally aired. He had never had any reason to venture into the kitchen or near the servant's quarters. He dealt chiefly with Grimsby,whom he had given complete charge of the household. Grimsby was a middle-aged widower and a supremely capable man. He acted as the butler,housekeeper and any role John chose to assign him. But all that was going to change now that the house had a mistress.
"This is Grimsby," John introduced him to Margaret.
Grimsby stepped forward to welcome them and offered his congratulations and then proceeded to introduce the rest of the staff to her. John watched with admiration as Margaret ignored her exhaustion and greeted everyone with an interested smile and thanked them.
The introductions were soon over and the staff tactfully left them alone.
He led Margaret to the formal sitting room,where a tea service was kept ready for them,in case they were so inclined. He noticed that the house had been scrubbed clean in preparation for the new mistress. The windowpanes were polished,the carpet swept and every surface dusted and spotless. But the house was devoid of character and he was curious to see how Margaret would change it.
"I haven't bothered much with the décor," he said. "Feel free to decorate the house as you like. I believe you will also need to hire more servants. Make whatever changes you think are necessary."
She looked so adorably uncertain as she slowly and carefully glanced around,trying to make sense of her new home. She had only been here twice—the dinner party and the next morning. On the first occasion,Fanny had arranged to have the room decorated beyond recognition and on the second,he doubted Margaret had paid any attention.
He remembered something. "Come." Placing his hand on her back,he guided her to the one room he believed would please her enormously.
He opened the door to the library and watched the wariness in her eyes change to immediate interest. It was a medium-sized room with tall bookshelves covering most of the walls. There were countless scientific journals and periodicals piled high on the floor. A large,comfortable chair was placed near the fireplace and a small settee covered with more journals sat under the window. It wasn't a grand library or even a well organised one. He knew where all the books were kept and that had been enough. But he imagined the slightly haphazard arrangement suggested it was a room that was much frequented and used.
She stepped inside and automatically drifted towards the shelves stacked with rows and rows of books.
"There aren't many novels here," he told her. "But if you are interested in architecture and natural sciences,there are plenty of books." He pointed to the third shelf. "This one has volumes on engineering,philosophy,economics and a few books that your father wouldn't approve of."
Instead of feminine shock,she turned to him with a curious glance. He realised with a quiet laugh that his innocent little parson's daughter could not conceive that such books might exist.
"Have you read Darwin?" he asked as he went to the shelf and pulled out a copy of Darwin's Journal of Researches.
She shook her head as she accepted the book. He watched her read the title page and turn to the preface.
"He doesn't seem to believe that the world came about the way it is described in the Bible," he explained.
Her head shot up. "Does he say that here?"
"Not in so many words."
She looked at the book with curiosity,her brows furrowed in a way he was becoming familiar with. "I would like to read why he thinks so," she finally said.
Although he was pleased by her interest,he had no wish to impose his reading preferences on her. "I have an account at Hardy's,you can order books of your choice from there."
"That won't be necessary." She looked around at the volumes surrounding them. "These books will keep me occupied for a long time," she said with her first genuine smile since afternoon.
In a moment of startling clarity,he knew that this is where he would always find her,curled up on the settee by the window,with her nose in a book. He smiled at the image.
He took the book from her and placed it on the table. "Let me show you upstairs." Running his hands down her wrist,he slowly uncurled her fingers. He could sense the tension ripple through her slender frame.
Taking her arm,John led his bride up the wide stairs and to the upper apartments.
The first floor hallway,like the rest of the house,was sparsely furnished. The master suite consisted of a sitting room with a bedroom on each side,each with its own dressing room. A couple could live here and go weeks without seeing each other,he realised wryly.
"That's my room," he gestured to the bedroom on the right. Pushing open the door to the second room,he stepped aside to let her enter. He stood in the doorway and watched as she walked to the centre of the room and slowly turned around.
The room was decorated with hand-painted chinoiserie wallpaper in a soft golden yellow. A four-poster bed with lace curtains enclosing it rested against one of the walls and a vanity table with an upholstered seat tucked inside it stood on the opposite side. The windows were draped with lace curtains and a writing table was positioned between them. A chaise lounge sat near the hearth where a small fire flickered and along with the oil lamps on the tables created inviting pools of warm light around the room.
The sight of Margaret in the room,wrapped in her bridal finery,her skin glowing from the light sent a peculiar pang through him. She was so pretty,so utterly delicious that he had to plant his feet where he stood to stop himself from reaching for her.
"No pink and blue roses," he remarked with a brief smile.
She must be tired or nervous or both because she had to look again at the wallpaper before acknowledging with a small nod.
"You are tired," he said. "I will send a maid to attend to you. You will find your belongings in the dressing room." He noted the relief on her features and then the colour bloom on her face when he told her,"I will come back later."
Margaret was stunned to find that the maid assigned to her was none other than Jane. The girl,who in all likelihood,was responsible for the situation that she was in. And although she now stood meekly by the door,awaiting instructions,Margaret did not trust her in the least. She was shifty-eyed and appeared too contrite.
Realising that she will have to make do with her for now,Margaret allowed the girl to undress her. The gown had a row of tiny buttons down the back and it took a long time to unfasten them. Each satin button had to be carefully removed from the loop so as not to pull or accidently tear the fabric.
Margaret sighed with relief as the tightly laced corset was finally loosened and her hair was released from the intricate coiffure.
Jane went into the dressing room and carefully placed the gown and veil on an upholstered stool. It would be properly packed away tomorrow. She returned with the new nightgown that Edith had purchased in London and laid it out on the bed.
"Please take out my other gown," she instructed,after one look at it.
"Are you certain?" Jane asked,her eyes fixed on the daringly cut nightdress.
Margaret looked at her sternly. "Quite."
Jane took the garment back into the dressing room. Margaret followed her and discovered an adjoining antechamber. The room contained a washstand with a large mirror placed over it,a roll top bath and a cabinet that opened into a water closet. To her surprise,she found that the washstand was fitted with taps of running water.
While Margaret washed her face and donned the nightdress,a supper tray of sandwiches and a pot of tea was delivered to her room. When she returned,she sat down at the vanity table and picked up her hairbrush.
"You have such lovely hair,miss," Jane remarked. "Shall I brush it out?"
Margaret wordlessly handed her the brush. Her hair was her private vanity. It was thick and amazingly soft and fell below her waist in a long straight line softened by a few loose waves. Jane brushed out the creases and bumps and restored her hair to its usual glossy smoothness.
"That will be all," Margaret said. Taking only a cup of tea from the tray,she said,"Please take the rest away."
Jane picked up the tray and after bobbing a quick curtsey,hastened out of the room. Margaret forced herself to drink a few sips but it did little to calm her.
After the elation of the morning and the poise in the afternoon,she hated how nervous and different she felt now. Edith,who was usually a fount of unsolicited advice,had nothing useful to tell her about what to expect tonight. She had blushed and stammered and told her that her husband will perform certain intimate acts and that she must trust him. Margaret suspected that Edith had merely repeated what Aunt Shaw must have told her.
No longer able to contain her agitation,she started pacing the room. Margaret forced herself to think about it logically,calmly. She had agreed to be his wife—was his wife. And that meant allowing him his rights. It was nothing new. It was what was expected of married women and it was probably best to get it over with.
Steeling her mind with determination,she sat back on the stool. It was a lovely room,she finally noticed. She knew that he had personally chosen the furniture and the decorations. His taste,when he cared to reveal it,was for beautiful and fine designs with striking details rather than the heavy,ornate styles that were so popular. It explained all those books on architecture and—
Margaret jumped to her feet when she heard a knock on her door. Running her hands over her nightgown,she took a deep breath and another and lifted her chin.
"Come in," she called.
The door opened and his tall form filled the doorway. He paused at the entrance with his hand on the doorknob.
His gaze travelled over her in a slow sweep. Margaret felt her entire body blush and she unconsciously pressed a hand to her midriff to calm herself. His eyes caught the movement and lingered for a moment before returning to her face.
Tearing his eyes away from her,he stepped inside the room and closed the door with a soft click.
"Are you settled in?" he asked.
"Yes."
"Please sit," he said softly.
Margaret sank back on the seat and nervously picked up her brush. She turned towards the mirror and began brushing her hair,giving herself something to do.
He walked to the bed and half-sat on it to watch her. He was still dressed in his wedding suit and it made her acutely conscious of her own state of undress. The gown was hardly revealing and covered her far more than most evening dresses but no man had seen her in it or with her hair loose.
Desperate to break the silent tension,she acknowledged belatedly. "It is a beautiful room."
"I am glad you noticed," he said smiling.
She looked at the mirror and saw him remove his cravat and tuck it into his coat pocket. She swiftly dropped her gaze when he caught it in the mirror.
Her breath hitched as he pushed away from the bed and approached her. Stopping before her,his held out his hand. She laid down the brush on the dresser and placed a trembling hand in his. Warm fingers immediately closed over her hand and his thumb brushed the back of her fingers.
He stopped suddenly. "Where are your rings?" he asked.
Her heart was hammering so loudly that she could scarcely hear a word. It took her a moment to form a reply. "I-I had to remove my gloves."
Forcing her gaze upward,she saw that he found the rings resting in a small enamel tray on the dresser.
Margaret watched in silence as he picked them up. He slipped the slim wedding band back on the fourth finger and then pushed the engagement ring on top of it.
"Is that alright?" he said in a low voice.
She gave him a jerky nod.
He gently tugged her hand,pulling her to her feet. The movement eliminated all the space between them,his long,hard body nearly touching hers.
She kept her eyes fixed on the strong column of his throat as he laced her fingers in his and brought her hand up. Turning his face,he pressed a hot kiss into her palm. Heat flooded from her hand to her shoulder and the rest of her body. Margaret closed her eyes to stem the tide. She was bewildered by what was happening to her. She strove to remain calm and detached but she had not expected this.
She could feel the intensity of his gaze upon her and reflexively lowered her head. A heavy lock of her hair slipped from her shoulder at the movement,hiding her flushed face.
He lifted a hand and softly brushed back the hair. Her pulse escalated wildly as his thumb found and gently stroked the now nearly invisible scar and she tried not to tremble when he stepped closer and brushed his lips over it as if he could soothe away the pain.
His hand slid to the fragile curve of her jaw,angling her face upward,and as he lowered his head,a soft rush of air escaped her lips and her mind went blank.
Margaret went utterly still beneath the soft,burning kiss and for a frantic moment,she thought that she would let him do whatever he wanted just so long as she could hold on to her thoughts and herself. She forced her body to relax but he was making that impossible. His lips were warm and persuasive as they coaxed unfamiliar sensations out of her. She could feel the heat of his mouth,the taste of champagne on his breath,the scent of starched linen and musk. She tensed when he cupped the back of her head,slowly sliding his long fingers through her hair in a soft caress. His lips drifted across her cheek to her ear,feathering small kisses along the way. Gently tugging her head back,he found the sensitive skin beneath her ear,making her shiver and arch against him,before returning to her mouth with increased pressure and urgency. Sensations blazed through her,too dizzying to control and so beyond her experience that she was overwhelmed and confused and terrified.
She pushed her hands between them.
"No," she said weakly against his lips.
He immediately stilled and drew back. His face was taunt and she froze when she saw a flash of anger cross his features.
He slowly relaxed his hold and released her with great care and stepped away.
A dreadful,tense silence filled the room. She was keenly aware of his restraint and the tide of embarrassment and guilt that swept over her.
"I can't . . . I . . ." she swallowed hard. "I-I can't . . . I am sorry,but I—"
"Hush," he said sounding annoyed. "The no was enough."
He paused for a moment. "Did I hurt you?"
"No."
"Did I offend you?"
She shook her head,becoming increasingly flushed.
"Then?" he demanded.
"I don't know," she said helplessly.
"You will have to do better than that,Margaret."
She could sense the exasperation beneath his self-control. She knew she must seem unreasonable and difficult. She tried desperately to sort through her jumbled and confused thoughts. Her confusion came from so many sources that she couldn't tell them apart.
She now understood that she should have stopped him or talked to him before he approached her. She had thought that she would simply close her eyes and avert her face and play martyr. She had not realise that her body and emotions were not separate. That she would have to give far more than she had bargained for.
His proposal had been so calm and reasonable. He had tried to assure her that they could have a workable marriage. He would have a wife and she would be saved from the consequences of her ill-advised actions. She had agreed to marry that man—the practical,somewhat aloof stranger. She would have been able to lie with that man. But this man—this man who remembered the exact shade of her eyes,who claim to not want her obedience,who thought she was intelligent enough to read difficult subjects—was no longer such a stranger. He had become someone she was beginning to know and that knowledge had strangely made it impossible for her to do this. She had no idea why it should be so,when it should have been the opposite and she wasn't sure how to explain any of this to him when she did not understand them herself.
Margaret ventured a cautious glance at him. He was still staring at her,waiting for her answer. She clutched at the only thing she could think of. "Mr Thornton,I don't know you."
He seemed to regard her carefully. "You can begin by learning to say my name," he suggested.
She had never allowed herself to think of him by his name. It was safer and easier to think of him as Mr Thornton.
"John," she whispered,testing out the name and then,she said it once more,louder for him to hear,"John." But he remained impassive. "We can become friends," she suggested awkwardly,hardly believing what she was saying.
"No," he said flatly. "I don't want to become your friend."
She looked stunned at that.
"Friendship is a poor substitute," he explained.
"I do not agree," she asserted. "Marriage is about companionship,friendship and mutual respect and understanding."
He replied in a gently caustic tone. "You know little of marriage,if you believe that is all there is to it."
The silence that followed his statement was excruciating. He was regarding her with an expression that said nothing of him but everything of her. She had never felt so horribly naïve,had not realised the unbelievable ignorance with which she had approach this marriage. She dropped her gaze,feeling miserable and lost in her confusion.
She heard him draw a deep breath. "Very well," he muttered and started towards her. Startled,Margaret immediately shrank back. They both went still.
He moved towards her with deliberate slowness,as if she were a skittish creature. He stood before her,not quite touching her but she felt enveloped by his heat.
"I won't come to you,if you are not ready. You have been through a great many changes,so take your time. But just so you are clear," he gripped her chin,forcing her to meet his gaze. "I do not care for a platonic marriage. I do not want a celibate marriage with you."
The words stole her breath away. She felt her cheeks burn blood-hot at the blunt admission. He was looking at her,waiting for her response. Margaret made herself nod.
He dipped his head and kissed her on the mouth. It was a brief but firm kiss,laced with promise.
"Sleep well."
He seemed to take all the warmth and life in the room with him. Margaret shivered and brought her arms around her,feeling safe and . . . oddly lonely.
A/N: Phew! I must admit this was a nerve-wracking chapter to write. The wedding,especially,the wedding night is such a key moment in N&S stories. I feel so exhausted!
So... how did I do? Please let me know. I need to know.
Love you guys! Take care!
- SQ

-THE DAY AFTER-
Margaret remained motionless for a long time where she stood.
She felt too stunned to move or think. Too conflicted by all the contradictory impulses racing through her. She wondered why was it that she never seemed to feel or act like herself in his presence. She did not want to think about how she must have appeared—her usual composure and calm shattered,her ideas incoherent and ignorant.
She hated him for making her feel so unlike herself,for throwing all her thoughts into chaos,for challenging everything she believed.
His words played over and over again in her head. She had always respected honesty and forthrightness but she had never imagined that she would be having such a conversation with him.
She had always been able to defend her ideas and hold her own. But in this,he had her at a complete disadvantage. She had never thought about marriage in any serious way or even considered the kind of marriage that she would like to have.
She had never had the opportunity to observe a married couple closely. Edith was perfectly happy with Captain Lennox,her long letters from Corfu were full of their Mediterranean adventures and gossip about the wives of other officers. But there had been no insight into the working of their relationship,nor had there been any reason for Margaret to ask her.
Most of what she knew about marriage had been gathered from books and her own understanding of how it ought to be. She had read marriage described as the highest state of friendship. It had seemed a beautiful ideal and even though she had no such aspirations or hopes from her marriage,it was the only thing that she could think of in response to his question.
But he had completely rejected the idea. He did not want a platonic marriage. He wanted . . . she couldn't help the furious blush that stained her cheeks. She was horribly ashamed and embarrassed that he should feel this way and say such things to her. It was a thousand times more embarrassing than when Henry had grabbed her hand and declared his love.
She wondered why she hadn't felt any outrage or shock. It would have been far more understandable and easier to deal with instead of the guilt and shame that had swept through her.
With Henry,she had found the whole conversation disagreeable and had been annoyed that he had misunderstood her friendship for deeper feelings.
But when John had told her about his expectation,she had nodded in a mindless daze. When he had taken her hand and touched her and kissed her,she had—
Margaret suddenly froze,she couldn't seem to finish the sentence.
Glancing up,she saw herself in the looking glass,saw the tell-tale guilty blush on her face.
Who was she lying to,she thought wearily.
Despite her efforts to remain detached,she had found herself responding to him. When he had held her and kissed her,every nerve in her body had felt alive. It had filled her with a strange delirium. It was as if the nervousness and the excitement that she had always felt in his presence had sudden concentrated and culminated and finally made sense.
She knew that her reaction to him was nothing short of appalling. Even now,her body seemed unwilling to release the sensation. Her mind kept returning to the memory of those sensual moments. She felt herself flush deeply as she thought about the way he had kissed her. She wanted to know what would have followed had she not stopped him. Would he have kissed her in other places? Her heart hammered wildly at the idea. Her skin tingled and her body throbbed in forbidden places as she tried to imagine the heat of his mouth over hers,his hand moving over her body,holding her—
Shocked by her wayward imagination,Margaret covered her inflamed face with her hands and sat down on the bed.
What was wrong with her! 
How could she have such thoughts about a man she did not love or know? It didn't matter that he was her husband. It was wrong. This was neither love nor friendship. This was . . . this was,she frowned. Never mind what it was! If it was not accompanied by any emotion she could recognise or value,she did not want it.
She knew that it was one thing to imagine being with him in the safety of her mind and quite another being with him in reality. Edith had advised to trust her husband tonight. Margaret had not thought very much about it then,had not truly understood the point.
But what had been so easy for Edith was impossible for Margaret. Edith had married for love,she trusted her husband. But Margaret had married because she did not have a choice. She did not know her husband enough to trust him. She could not trust him—not with this,not when her own feelings bewildered and shamed her. She could not even imagine him as a friend.
For all his courtesies and occasional friendliness,he was not an easy person. He was a reserved and intense man. He was so unpredictable. And she knew that,if nothing else,she needed to feel trust and to feel safe. And tonight she had felt neither.
How different men were to women. He had made no secret of his desire for her. He had been entirely comfortable showing it and saying it.
She wondered how was she going to face him. But there was no avoiding it. She would have to face him—tomorrow and the next after and for everyday of her life. This is what she had chosen. She knew that while she had no longer been actively resentful,there had been a great deal of resignation. But the events of this evening had jolted her out of it. She would have to participate in this marriage.
He had told her that he would stay away and not come to her until she was ready. She did not know when she would be ready or how long would it take,but she doubted if brooding about it all night would give her any clarity.
She supposed every marriage was different. Everybody had to chart their own path and do what they believed was right. She would have to do the same and trust herself to know what to do. She would not allow herself to wallow in self-pity and regret. She was so tired of it. She will have to set aside her misgivings and give her marriage—their marriage—a fair chance.
Comforted by her resolution,Margaret finally fell into an exhausted sleep in the early hours of the morning.
She was still sleeping deeply when the chambermaid came into her room. Through her sleep,she was hazily aware of the girl stirring the grate and tidying the room and when she drew back the curtains to let in the morning light,Margaret forced herself awake.
She sat up in her bed,blinking and taking a moment to recognise her new surroundings. The soft yellow wallpaper made the room look bright and cheerful in daylight.
Jane entered the room. "Good morning,ma'am."
It felt strange and extravagant to have two servants attending to her. Even when she had lived in Harley Street,Edith and she had shared a lady's maid and the chambermaid would tidy her room only after she had vacated it and gone downstairs for breakfast. She preferred spending the first few minutes of the day by herself without any interruption and in Crampton it had never been a problem.
"What time is it?" she suddenly asked,afraid that she had overslept.
"Quarter past seven," Jane replied,looking down with a sly smile. "Shall I run a bath?"
She had overslept. Margaret got out of bed and hastily pulled on her robe. Another knock sounded on the door. Jane went to answer it and returned with a breakfast tray.
"The master asked to send this for you," she informed.
"Is Mr Thornton at breakfast?"
When Jane confirmed with a nod,Margaret quickly made up her mind. "Please take it back," and before she could think herself out the decision,she added,"I shall breakfast with him."
She went to the dressing room,with Jane following her closely. Margaret was perfectly able to wash and dress herself without assistance but Jane continued to hover around,setting the towels on the warming rack,unwrapping the soap bar,adding more hot water to the tub.
"Ma'am?" she asked,waiting by the bath.
"That will be all." There was no way she was going to strip in front of this woman. "I will ask if I need assistance."
Margaret dressed quickly but with determined carefulness,packing her body in stiff corset and layers of starched clothing and gathering and twisting all her hair in a crisp knot and putting extra pins to secure them in place.
When she finished dressing,she studied herself in the mirror to make sure she looked . . . looked what,she wondered.
Proper? Contained? Austere?
Gathering her courage,she stepped out of her room but came to a surprised halt when she saw him seated at a small table by the window in the sitting room of the suite.
He had been reading a newspaper but immediately stood up when she entered.
She had thought that the breakfast would be served in the dining room downstairs. She felt nervous at the prospect of being alone with him,without any of the servants to act as buffer.
"Good morning," he greeted. He folded the paper and kept it aside.
After his blunt admission last night,the air between them seemed more electric and every innocent situation seemed more charged.
Margaret schooled her expression and returned his greeting in a neutral voice. She noticed that a plate setting had been laid for her and a second chair had been added to the table.
When she reached the table,he pulled out the chair and seated her.
She saw that he had begun his breakfast but had set it aside to wait for her.
"I was not sure if you would be joining me," he explained. "I thought you might want to rest today."
"I am sorry if you had to wait long," she said,briefly meeting his gaze.
"It is alright. I had the tea pot refilled," he told her.
Margaret lifted the pot and busied herself making a cup of tea. She added milk and sugar and held the porcelain cup with both hands,allowing the warmth to seep into her hands. She remained silent as she continued to hold the cup close to her and stared at its contents,giving herself time to get used to his presence.
Her somewhat guarded posture was not lost on him. He picked up the folded newspaper and returned his attention to it.
He appeared completely relaxed and self-possessed,seemingly comfortable with her presence in what must have been a solitary ritual for him until yesterday. She darted a glance at him and saw that his breakfast consisted of toast,poached eggs and fried tomatoes. Her gaze fell to his long fingers,elegant but strong,with short-trimmed nails. She watched the porcelain cup disappear in his large hand as he drank absently while reading the paper. She did not know why she was fascinated,perhaps because she had never imagined him doing something as mundane as eating.
He lifted his head suddenly and as his gaze locked with hers,she realised that she had been staring at him.
"You are not going to eat?" he asked.
Embarrassed,she set her cup aside and began on her breakfast. Although Margaret was hungry,she felt no real appetite. She picked up a toasted muffin from the bread basket and applied herself to spreading a dollop of marmalade on it.
They fell into a lengthy silence as they ate. The silence was broken by Grimsby who came with more hot water for the tea.
"The cook said that whenever Mrs Thornton prefers,she would be happy to show her the kitchen," he informed them.
"Please tell her I will be ready after breakfast," she said,eager for the occupation.
"You don't need to get started right away," John said,when Grimsby closed the door behind him. "Let me show you the rest of the house this morning. I haven't looked around in a long while. It will be instructive for me as well."
Margaret would have liked to explore the house on her own,but she couldn't think of a reason for refusing his offer.
After breakfast,they stepped out of the master suite and made their way down the long hallway.
"This is Fanny's," he said,gesturing to a door. Margaret guessed that the room must still be reserved for a visiting Fanny because he did not open it.
They continued further down the hallway. There were bedrooms on both sides. "I am rarely in this section," he commented as they inspected the rooms. One of the rooms had a bed and a large wooden wardrobe but the rest were mostly empty. However,all the rooms had been kept clean and were well aired.
A flight of stairs at the end of the hall took them to the top floor.
"The staff rooms are at that end," he motioned down the corridor. He opened the door to a set of rooms to their immediate right.
Margaret walked inside but John remained in the doorway. The wallpaper,though somewhat faded,had a light-coloured,whimsical design and the windows had bars on them,indicating that the room was the nursery.
He watched her as she went into the attached schoolroom and bedroom. She did not linger very long and quickly slipped out of the room.
They descended the stairs and walked back the way they had come. To Margaret's surprise,there was another set of rooms near the main staircase. Margaret had no idea that the house was so big. The house was designed for a large family,with children and grandparents. How lonely it must be living here by oneself.
He pushed open the door to what appeared to be two chambers connected by a large sliding door.
Margaret stepped inside but jerked to a halt when she felt a sudden tug on her skirt. "Oh!" She turned around to find that her skirt had caught on a nail protruding from the door frame.
"What is it?" John was beside her immediately. Quickly perceiving the problem,he sank down to release her skirt.
"No,I can . . ." Margaret trailed off as she saw him work carefully to free the fabric from the sharp edge.
She realised that she liked that about him—this quiet chivalry. The way he assisted without any of the self-conscious flourish that a London gentleman would have performed the service with.
"The threads have pulled but it is not torn," he told her and gently stretched the surrounding fabric to pull the strands back in place. When he was done,she reflexively smoothed a hand over the snag.
"You seem to prefer this dress," he stated,rising to his feet.
"I suppose," she said,glancing down at the gown. It was simple and unfussy and the most comfortable dress she owned. Perhaps that was why she always reached for this dress whenever she was anxious about the day ahead.
She looked at him,surprised by his perceptiveness.
"You had been wearing it when you came to my office," he reminded her.
She tried not to read too much significance into the fact that he remembered what she had been wearing,but the idea lingered pleasantly.
She walked further into the room and went to the large window. She pushed it open and leaned out. Below the window was a large unpaved yard that ran the full length of the house and was surrounded by tall red brick walls on three sides. She guessed the back alley and mews would be located beyond the wall.
"It was meant to be a private back garden," he said as he came to stand by her. "It had been abandoned when I brought the house."
"How old is the house?" she asked.
"Sixty years old," he said. "No structural alterations were made in all these years. My contribution was to install indoor plumbing and stoves in the kitchen."
"I hadn't realised the house was so large," she admitted.
He smiled. "Marlborough Street was one of the main streets in Milton. Back then nobody expected it to become the place it is now,so they built big houses. The front garden would have been planned where the warehouse now stands. The moment they discovered industry,all notions of beauty were quickly abandoned," he said with a rueful smile. He pointed to the distant valley across the plains. "But you can still see the river from here."
Resting her hands on the sill,Margaret rose on her toes and was surprised to catch a glimpse of the river through the gaps between the buildings.
"It is not as wide or as full as it used to be. The canal diverts most of the water to the city but the valley is still quite picturesque and the water is clean as it is upstream to the city."
A quiet breeze blew in and while her hair remained stubbornly pinned in place,his hair ruffled easily in the wind. He looked almost boyish then,approachable and relaxed.
They stood by the window,looking at each other.
"Shall we go see the garden?" she asked before the moment could deepen.
A door at the end of the central passage on the ground floor led to the garden. Standing on the steps,Margaret discovered that there was something magical about an enclosed garden,even a hopelessly abandoned one. She eagerly stepped out and walked around. A quick glance revealed where the flower bed and paths had been originally laid out. The garden was designed with two crossing paths dividing it into four equal sized quarters.
This morning as he had been showing her the house,she hadn't been able to stop herself from thinking about how unfair it was for women when they married. They moved to a new house,took charge of an unfamiliar household and began a completely different life.
But now,standing in the middle of this neglected garden,she experienced the thrill of discovery. Of possibility.
In her mind's eyes,she saw how she wanted the garden to be. Instead of box hedges,the paths would be thickly bordered with a riot of flowers and instead of a sundial,she would put a bird bath in the small circular intersection. The tall red brick walls would be covered with climbing yellow and white roses. It would be a little secret retreat,shielded from the world by the tall walls and only accessible from the house,a place of quiet beauty amid the din and clamour of the city.
She turned around and looked up at the handsome stone-coped house. She had always loved the idea of a home,perhaps because she had never been allowed to truly settle or belong in any one place,be it the fashionable house in Harley Street or the lovely parsonage in Helstone or even the tiny house in Crampton. But this house was a great blank canvas as if it had been waiting for her. It was something tangible that she could work on and make her own.
From the corner of her eye,she saw him standing near the door,his gaze fixed on her. He had been relaxed yet careful with her this morning. He had been observing her and her reaction to the house and to him.
"Did you garden in Helstone?" she heard him ask.
"No."
"I thought so," he said,finally stepping into the yard. "You don't seem like you would enjoy such hard work."
"I do not mind doing hard work," Margaret said,upset with his implication. She remembered the day when she had spent hours standing in the sweltering little kitchen as she ironed the curtains to prepare for his visit. "I may not have gardened but I have done house work. I can think of few things more hard than that."
He was silent for several moments. "Let us go inside" he said eventually. "I believe Grimsby must be eager to show you the household accounts."
He guided her to the front sitting room and after asking Grimsby to take care of the nail on the doorjamb,told her that he will be at the mill. "I have some work that I need to see done. I will be in the office,if you need me."
In the evening,Margaret changed into an evening dress and hurried to the dining room.
After John had left for office,Margaret had gone to the kitchen to familiarise herself with the household. She had spoken at length with the cook and together they had established a weekly menu,with Margaret naturally suggesting a few dishes that were Southern in origin. If the cook had been uncertain,she had not shown it and had assured Margaret was it would not be a problem.
She next spent time with Grimsby. After spending half an hour with him,it had become clear that the old man had managed very well without any direction from his employer. John had given only two explicit instructions:one,that things be on time and two,that things be tidy. The rest he had left to his trusted butler to manage. The account books and inventory were in perfect order and it hadn't been much of a surprise to discover that Grimsby had already anticipated most of the new items that would be needed. In the end,they had decided that she would review the accounts and the inventory on a weekly basis.
As for the house,Margaret did not want to immediately start decorating the rooms. She thought it ought to happen gradually.
Her real surprise had come when Grimsby had brought her a tray full of calling cards. The cards were from the wives of other mill owners. They clearly hadn't wasted a single day and were eager to welcome her into their circle. Margaret had met most of them at the dinner party and at the wedding reception. Some of the ladies had seemed nice but the rest Margaret could not imagine having anything in common with. But it would be unforgivably rude to not respond,so Margaret had spent the afternoon penning them notes.
Descending the staircase,she found Grimsby in the hall outside the dining room,adjusting the wick of a lamp.
"Has the dinner been served?" she asked.
"Yes,Mrs Thornton." He picked up the lamp and Margaret wondered just long it would take before she got used to the new title. "Mr Thornton arrived a few minutes ago. He is in the dining room."
The dining table was large enough to seat ten people comfortable and could be extended to seat another four. Tonight it was set for just two. A small array of dishes were set on the table,each covered with silver-domed lids.
John was standing by the window,peering outside. He turned around when she entered followed by the butler. She paused as their gazes caught and held.
It was such a domestic tableau,she realised with a slight blush.
Grimsby went to place the extra lamp on a side table and before he could return to seat her,John was already helping her.
"Thank you,Grimsby," he said sitting down. He removed the lid from one of the dishes. "We will serve ourselves."
Grimsby offered a little bow and withdrew with silent efficiency.
After taking breakfast and touring the house with him,Margaret was beginning to feel a lot less awkward in his presence but his desire for privacy caused a dismaying tide of scarlet to sweep over her face.
Margaret served the food while he poured wine into the glasses. Although Margaret had planned a simple meal,the cook had done an admirable job. The dinner consisted of fragrant light soup,beautifully cooked veal dressed in herb sauce,a side dish of buttered vegetables and steaming apple pudding.
As they ate,the rich aromas and the occasional soft clinking of silverware on plates filled the room.
"Margaret," he called.
She looked up.
"Are we to always eat in silence?"
Margaret had been wondering just that. All of their previous conversations had been initiated by him and try as she might,she had not been able to think of any safe but sensible subject. And since she did not like making small talk,and she suspected neither did he,she had decided to remain silent.
"What would you like to talk about?" she now asked.
"What do you talk to your father about?" he instead asked her. "Or your friends?"
"I am not really sure," she said truthfully. "I never had to think about it. We just talk. Topics suggest themselves naturally."
"And when you are with strangers?"
"I usually talk about inconsequential things to keep the conversation going," she replied. "I often know them enough to have a general idea of what subjects might interest them."
She saw a faint smile touch his lips at that.
"And what do you like to talk about?" he asked.
She would like to talk about him,she realised. He never talked about himself,but surely,it was not unreasonable for her to wish to know her husband. After all,he seemed to know a great deal about her. He knew about her life in Helstone and in London,he knew about her friendship with the Higgins family,he knew that she had been proposed to before,he even knew her favourite gown! But what did she know about him,other than the public facts of his life and the little information that Fanny had provided? She remembered Mr Bell telling her father about his former life,but she had not stayed around to listen,little knowing that one day she would end up being married to him.
Margaret could not think of a subtle way to ask him. After mentally debating and discarding a variety of questions,she decided to be blunt. "I would like to know about you."
He seemed a bit surprised. He leaned back in his chair and was quiet for a long moment,his gaze fixed on his wine glass. Eventually,he picked it up and took a sip.
"I am not a gentleman," he said,looking directly at her,"not in the way the word is usually applied. Neither was my father. He owned a prosperous factory but made some bad investments. He speculated wildly to recover it,failed and then killed himself. We sold everything to pay back the creditor. I left school and worked as a draper's boy and later as an accountant. I managed Marlborough Mills for some years before buying it six years ago. My mother passed away before we could move here."
Her eyes widened as she tried to take it all in. She could only imagine the details buried beneath the facts. He must have been fourteen or fifteen when it happened. And the house—he must have brought this house for his mother and sister,only to find himself living alone in it.
"I am sorry,I had no id—"
"It was a long time ago," he said as if it was of no importance.
But she could tell it was. His matter-of-recitation attested to it however,she knew that this was not the time to probe into the details. Nothing in their short relationship warranted it. But she was still quite curious. She wanted to know the man he was now.
"Would you call yourself a hard master?" she asked.
"Yes," he admitted. "It is the only way to run a disciplined and efficient workforce. My workers expect me to be hard,but truthful. I don't apologise to anyone about the wages I pay or how I run Marlborough Mills. I always act in the interest of the mill and I make no secret of it."
She remained silent,letting him continue. "I do not lie,but I do not always share everything I know or I would never be able to negotiate. But I try to be fair in all my dealing. However,I do not believe in charity or philanthropy and," he paused a moment,contemplating the contents of his glass. "I should have told you this before,Margaret,I am not a religious man."
He was studying her to see her reaction. Margaret couldn't say why she was not very shocked by the admission. She supposed her father's dissent,Fred's conversion to Roman Catholicism and Nicholas' heretical views had utterly inured her to the subject. She had gone to the local church a few times and had been surprised by the dismal attendance. The city seemed too busy to think about God. And John typified the city for her.
However,she would not give up the Christian charity that she had practised all her life.
"I would like to continue visiting Princeton," she stated. "I am friends with many families that live there and I want to help them."
He stared at her as he seemed to consider how to respond. He finally drew a long breath. "You are well aware what I think about it. Charity does not solve anything in the long run. But if you feel this is what you need to do,I shall not stop you."
Margaret hadn't realised how tense she was until she felt herself relax at his answer. She was tempted to point out that charity had saved Boucher's children from starvation but she did not wish to renew the argument tonight. It was more important to her that she could continue her work.
"Well. Can you now think of a few things so keep the conversation going?" he asked with a wry smile.
"Architecture is an interest of yours," she asked. The question had been on her mind ever since she had seen all those books on architecture in the library.
"Yes. I was an accountant for Richard Lane for a while. He's the architect who designed the Concert Hall and most of the municipal buildings. I quickly became interested in it."
"Why did you not take it up?" she asked perplexed.
"You mean why I didn't take up a more gentlemanly profession?" he asked with a chiding smile.
"I—" Margaret lowered her gaze,embarrassed by the tactless implication of her question.
"I had always been more interested in manufacturing and industry," he said simply. "As for designing buildings,even Lane admits that Milton affords little scope for architectural display."
She remembered the plan of the mill that she had seen in his office. "Did you design the mill?"
"Some of the new enclosures and the smaller buildings. Design is too lofty a word. It is purely utilitarian,I assure you."
"Do you draw?" Margaret couldn't help asking.
The question made him smile. "I can scratch out a few technical drawings but nothing else. Are you sure you are not confusing conversation with inquisition?" he asked,his voice rich with amusement.
The glow of humour transformed his face,lending it warmth and a great deal of charm. Margaret couldn't help a small smile.
At her urging,he told her about the layout of the mill and how it ensured safe and efficient production. When she mentioned the wheel,he claimed to have installed it because it made good business sense.
"There is no immediate profit in it," he admitted. "But the long-term benefits far outweigh the immediate expense."
"But it helps the workers in the long term as well," she felt compelled to point out.
"That is incidental. If my workers are healthier,they work for me longer. Their children work for me longer. It is not very hard to see the profit in that."
"Then why don't more mill master install them," she asked.
"Because they refuse to see beyond the immediate pounds,shillings and pence."
"No," she shook her head. "It is because they do not care about their workers."
"Margaret," he smiled. "I must ask you to not ascribe any moral or charitable motives to my decisions."
"But you must care about your workers to consider a wheel in the first place," she insisted.
"No. My objective was good business and better productivity—"
"—achieved through the well-being of your workers," she finished.
"If you are determined to think well of me,then far be it from me to dissuade you." He gave up with a smile.
For some reason,Margaret could not help smiling back. "I was simply trying to understand," she said. "I believe good business sense and moral duty can go together. And this proves it."
She was surprised at how completely he had overturned her fears. She knew he was being exceptionally careful with her today,allowing her to relax around him. She wasn't certain if he would always be like this. Their opinions were bound to clash sooner or later but at least today,they had managed a peaceful co-existence.
When they finished dinner,he went to the side table to pick up the lamp. He seemed to deliberate something as he brought it to her,his steps slow and methodical.
She watched him with apprehension,suddenly worried about what he might say. Her disquiet must have communicated itself to him because he looked up and paused.
"Margaret," he said slowly. "Did I frighten you last night?"
Margaret couldn't bring herself to look at him,embarrassed by the memories the question brought up. She knew that it was her own reaction that had frightened her. But he had been impatient and ill-tempered with her and that combined with her own panic and confusion had frightened her as well.
An uncomfortable silence passed before she admitted,"Yes."
"I am sorry," he said. The words were sincere but stiff as if he was not used to apologising or behaving in a way that needed apologising. "I should not have spoken to you the way I did. I should have been more considerate."
She felt a slight blush rise to her cheek as realised that he was apologising for what happened later. She acknowledged his apology with a small nod.
"You must know that I would never hurt you," he continued.
"Yes," she said immediately. "I—" she stopped.
She hadn't been thinking in the physical sense at all. For all his temper and strength,she knew he was not at all the sort of man who would hurt a woman.
"What is it?" he asked.
She lowered her gaze,not certain if she had something to say. She did not wish to talk about last night and he was watching her intently,so she changed the subject.
"What time do you take breakfast?" she asked.
"Half past six," he replied. "You don't need to get up so early."
"I like to rise when the day begins," she said.
He smiled at that. "Alright. But sleep in tomorrow."
"No,I am—"
"You are tired," he insisted. Seemingly unable to help himself,he reached out and gently brushed a fingertip under her eye. "You have shadows beneath your eyes."
A shiver ran through her at the soft brush of his fingertip but she couldn't seem to move away.
"Sleep in tomorrow," he urged. "I will ask the staff to not disturb you."
She had never dreamed that he could be so observant and concerned. It felt strange to have him care about her well-being and look after her comfort.
But he was right. She was tried,she hadn't been able to get much sleep in the last few days. The preparation for the wedding,the anxiety about the marriage and the events of last night had worn her out physically and emotionally,and the idea of slipping between warm bed covers sounded heavenly.
She agreed with a nod.
Taking her elbow,he guided her to the stairs. "Go ahead," he said giving her the lamp. "I have some work I need to finish. Sleep well."
"Good night." She climbed the stairs,aware of his gaze following her till she went out of sight.
John went to his study and shut the door. Closing his eyes,he rested his forehead against the cool wood and let out a controlled breath.
He slowly turned around and loosened his cravat as he walked to the sideboard. He poured a brandy and held the snifter in his palm,letting it warm in his hand.
He sat down in his chair to ponder his marriage and his wife.
Last night,once his temper and passion had cooled,he had understood just how wrongly he had assumed and behaved. He had been taken in by her self-possession and poise. Just like everyone else around her.
It was a remarkable thing in someone so young. He couldn't imagine many young women taking on the kind of responsibilities that she had.
She had gone house-hunting on her own in a strange new town,she had run her father's household. She had done house work! Christ. In his mind,he had always pictured her sitting with a book,too studious and engrossed with her reading,too lovely and refined to do any menial work. But she had done it.
She had taken responsibility for her action and agreed to marry him. No one who saw her at the wedding would have believed that she had been vehemently opposed to the marriage.
Her self-possession made it easy to forget that she was just nineteen. And in his impatience and desire,he had convinced himself that she would be ready for this too. He had tried to give her enough time to refuse him. He had assumed that if she had any objections she would be sure to say it. But she had stood there,nervous but not unwilling.
He knew that she was not indifferent to him. He had noted enough evidence of it and he had hoped that she would be willing to give marital intimacy a chance. As he saw it,it might change her perspective on the marriage and it would solve more than a few of his problems.
But when she had finally stopped him,he had behaved like a boor in his frustration. He had bullied her and terrified her. He had become too used to getting what he wanted. Too certain of his opinions and judgements. He had understood belatedly that she used her self-possession to hide all her fears and uncertainties. And he,of all people,should have seen that. His mother had been the same. It was an infuriating but sobering realisation.
He knew that Margaret was not convinced about the marriage. She had a mind of her own and her own sense of morality. But she had unknowingly ended up proposing a true marriage of convenience,one based on friendship and occasional intimacy. It would be eminently respectable. And bloodless. But there was nothing respectable about what he felt for her.
His feelings for her were growing uncomfortably complex. She was becoming rather real to him,he realised,brave and vulnerable in ways he had never imagined.
He wanted to possess her,but not as a pretty object as she had angrily suggested,but in ways far more elusive and difficult.
Which is why he had to disabuse her of any platonic notion. He was not going to pretend that this was a marriage of convenience. It had never been that for him. But whether this would ever be the kind of marriage he wanted,he had ceded that decision to her.
He knew he would have to be patient with her,give her time to get used to her new life,and to know him,if that is what she wanted. He had already told her more than he had ever told anyone and in agreeing to let her continue her charity work,he had already conceded a lot more than he had ever planned.
He was not a patient man. He had no idea how long she would take to accept him. He could not claim to understand her reasons,but he would respect them and he would wait,even if it drove him mad.
Hearing the clinking of plates,John went to the dining room and found Grimsby tidying up.
"Sir?"
"Please inform the maid that Mrs Thornton is not to be disturbed tomorrow morning."
"That will not be a problem,sir," Grimsby informed him. "Mrs Thornton dismissed her maid."
John stared for a moment and then a curious smile touched his lips. "Why did she dismiss her?"
"The girl talks".
There was a short silence as he contemplated the sparse words. He didn't want the going-ons in his house to become the tittle-tattle of Milton. He wondered if this girl had been the one to spread the story about the riot. If so,he couldn't say he was surprised that Margaret dismissed her. She would never countenance such behaviour.
"Are the rest terrified of the new mistress," he asked,wishing he could have witnessed the dismissal.
"Not at all. Mrs Thornton gave Jane full wages for the month as recompense."
John couldn't help a small laugh. It was too generous. But it was just like Margaret,balancing sternness with kindness.
Returning to his study,John felt some of his earlier tension ease away. It was hardly appropriate but the thought of her dismissing a servant on her very first day as the mistress of his—their house—he made him smile.
It suddenly occurred to him that he had been waiting for this. Perhaps,Fanny had been right. He had been by himself for too long.
And even though Margaret was sleeping in a separate room and in a different bed,for the first time in a long while,he did not feel alone.
A/N:Hey,I am really sorry about how long it has taken me to update. The last few weeks have been insane. But I am SO glad I have something ready for Christmas.
About the last chapter:I know I have lost a great many of you with that wedding night scene. I am sorry that it wasn't what you expected but I think it is consistent with the John and the story that I am writing. I do not want to provide a commentary about what's happening in the story but I want to make two points and then I will shut up.
a) John,in this story,is very different from the canon John. One,he is a very confident man and two,he is not in love with Margaret—yet. I have tried to highlight these two aspects from the very first chapter. It explains why he behaves the way he does. I don't want to make him into a villain or an anti-hero. I just want to write him as someone who makes the kind of mistake that a very smart and confident person is likely to make. I think and I hope that it gives an interesting dimension to his character. (I have removed the OOC bit from the story summary)
b) Someone asked me if I will keep the story T-rated and I thought that perhaps others might also be worried about it. The answer is yes. The story will remain T-rated but I do plan to write about the consummation and their subsequent sex life. I have nothing against M-rated stories (the superb Taking her there with me by Redizded comes to mind) or M-rated chapters in T-rated stories. But with this story,I am more interested in exploring the emotional details rather than the explicit details. But fair warning,emotional details can often be sexier than physical details;)
I can't begin to tell you how wonderful and immensely rewarding it was to read your incredibly perceptive and encouraging comments. As for negative reviews,I do not mind it—it keeps me honest and forces me to consider my decisions thoroughly. So I want to thank everyone who has taken out the time to write what they think. Without your responses and words,writing fanfiction can be very lonely.
And with that I will shut up. As always,please let me know what you think about this chapter. I have stayed with Margaret's point of view for most of the chapter and switched to John only towards the end. It seemed unfair to not give him a voice at this point.
Hope you enjoyed the chapter and wish you all happy holidays!
Lots of hugs and love,
SQ

-The Lunch-
Over the course of the next few days,Margaret found herself quite busy.
Newly married to one of the most prominent citizens in Milton,Margaret was expected to receive the society ladies for tea and take part in the social scene. Although she wasn't terribly excited by the prospect,she was willing to do the proper thing and hoped that the experience would prove interesting. Or,at the very least,wouldn't be too tiresome.
The visits also meant that a few additions and changes needed to be made to the household. First,she had to hire a new lady's maid. After interviewing five candidates,Margaret selected a girl called Martha. She was a pleasant girl,who could read and write and had been trained in hairdressing. A parlour maid was also needed,which Grimsby took care of,although he deferred the final decision to Margaret.
As for the house,although she did not think there was anything wrong with the rooms,they had a decidedly masculine character. There were no decorations,nothing to soften the austere look. So the first thing she had done was order fresh flowers and house plants. It was surprising how a few flowers and carefully placed plants could change the feel of a house. The large black-and-white tiled entrance hall looked a lot less intimidating with the addition of a row of lush palms and the rooms looked more welcoming with vases full of bright,fragrant flowers. She knew that she would eventually have to make a trip to the furniture store but for now,what she really wanted to do was restore the garden. The ever-efficient Grimsby had arranged for a gardener to turn the soil and prepare it and Margaret could scarcely wait.
However,in the midst of all these changes,Margaret did not want to neglect her old friends.
Neither Bessy nor Nicholas had attended the wedding. Bessy had been too ill and Nicholas had been too upset about the way the strike had ended that Margaret had not really expected him to turn up at an event where all the mill masters were certain to gather.
"Goodness!" Bessy exclaimed when Margaret deposited a long strip of lace in Bessy's lap.
Bessy had joked that since she would never be having a wedding,she would like a small token from Margaret's. Margaret had saved a sample of the lace that had been used in her gown to bring to her friend.
"The same lace was used in my gown," Margaret told her.
"I hadn't som'thin' so grand as this in mind when I asked," Bessy said touching the delicate lace with great care. "What'll I do with it?"
Smiling,Margaret took the lace and tied it around Bessy's head as a band to keep the straggling locks of hair from falling on her face. "There."
"All right," Bessy grinned. "I'll be a princess with fancy lace in my hair." She broke into giggles but her merriment turned into painful coughs.
Margaret immediately picked up the cup and held the water to her lips. Bessy took a long and feverish draught and then fell back and shut her eyes.
"Thornton then,eh?" she said when she was able to speak. "I'll have to watch my tongue now. No more talking 'bout his hard ways or his fine form."
It seemed only yesterday that they had laughed and puzzled over the invitation that she and her father had received to dine at Marlborough Mills. Bessy had believed that it must because her friend must have caught Mr Thornton's eye. Margaret had completely dismissed the idea and had insisted that it was simply a courtesy extended to her father as a close friend of Mr Bell's. Bessy had proceeded to tell her about the very eligible Mr Thornton and had advised Margaret to get smarter clothes.
Margaret got up and found some water and soaked her handkerchief in it.
"Thornton allowed you to come here?" Bessy asked,fixing a curious gaze on Margaret's face.
"I do not need anyone's permission," Margaret said as she laid the wet cloth on Bessy's forehead. "But yes,Mr Thornton knows I am here."
Bessy shut her eyes and allowed the cool wetness to soothe her.
"He must be a good husband," Bessy said after a while,her eyes still closed.
Margaret remained silent. She did not know if he was a good husband or not. But in this,he had been surprisingly accommodating and she was truly thankful.
"Where's Nicholas?" Margaret asked.
"I don't know." Bessy opened her eyes. "He's been brought so low b' the way the strike's gone. He thought they stood a good chance,this time."
"Has everyone gone back to work?"
Bessy nodded. "They lost their spirit after the violence at Marlborough Mills. Father's so angry with the men who broke the strike,he. . . I wish I knew where he was." Tears welled up in her eyes. "I've never seen him like this,Margaret. I'm worried about what he might do—"
"Hush," Margaret took the girl's hand. "He is a strong man. He will be fine."
Almost as if in answer to their worries,the rickety door swung open and Nicholas staggered in and immediately slumped into a nearby chair.
"Father!" Bessy exclaimed from her bed.
At her cry,Nicholas raised his head and squinted at the room. He narrowed his eyes as his gaze fell on Margaret.
He suddenly let out a humourless laugh. "Missus Thornton," he said in an exaggerated,mocking voice.
Margaret realised with faint alarm that he had been drinking. He wasn't completely intoxicated but he had drunk enough to make him a little mean. Nicholas understood that it wasn't her choice to marry Mr Thornton but her problems must seem trivial to him when the strike that he and so many men had planned for months and pinned all their future hopes on had failed so miserably.
"Don't be vexed with him," Bessy pleaded.
"I thought I should not have seen you again," he said to Margaret.
"Why not?" Margaret asked. "I am still your friend."
"Does Thornton know you're here?" he asked gruffly.
"Yes."
He looked at her doubtfully before turning away to stare at the wall.
"Have you found work?" Margaret asked.
He responded with a grim chuckle. "Slickson'll let me work at his mill,when he cuts off his right hand—not before and not after."
"But you'll get work in other mills,won't you?" Margaret asked. "Everybody knows you are a good weaver."
"I am a Union man," he said. "None of the masters will take a Union man."
The bleakness in his expression silenced Margaret.
"Where were you all morning?" Bessy asked. "I was worried."
"Boucher's wife wanted to speak with me. She was raving and raging to know where her dunder-headed brute of a chap was,as if I'd know—as if he were fit to be ruled by me. The damned fool,who has put his foot in all our plans! And Thornton—" he turned towards Margaret,his anger suddenly bubbling over. "First he brings in the Irish that led to the riot and ruined the strike. Even Slickson would have waited a while,but it's a word and a blow with Thornton. And now,when the Union would have thanked him for hunting down Boucher,what does he do? He says that he won't press charges. They'll not get employment,they're well known. That's punishment enough,he says. I thought he'd have more guts," he sneered.
"Mr Thornton is right." Margaret said and before Nicholas could interrupt,she continued,"I am not saying it because he is my husband. I know you're angry with Boucher but even you must see that further punishment would look like revenge."
Nicholas turned away from her,his anger suddenly deflated.
"It's all over because of weak men like Boucher," he sighed.
"Not everyone is as strong as you,Nicholas. To last out the strike for so long. You must comfort your men. . ." she trailed off when she saw him shake his head.
"You're not one of us,lass," he said wearily. "You got no part in this. Go home and be useful to your husband."
Even knowing that Nicholas had not really meant the words and that they were spoken in despair,the words stung. Nicholas had unknowingly touched upon something that had been troubling her.
Margaret was no longer sure where she belonged.
It was true that she was not one of them. She was a gentleman's daughter and far,far above in station than those who lived in Princeton. But she had been able to bridge the gap and despite their initial scepticism,she had been able to establish a human connection with the workers. But now after her marriage,the workers regarded her as one with the masters. On her way to meet Bessy,she had stopped to speak with a few families in Francis Street. Their expression had been guarded;it was clear they believed that she had sided with the masters in the strike and her marriage only seemed to confirm their belief. They thought she belonged with them.
The irony was that she did not at all feel like she belonged with the mill owners and the upper class in Milton. She had been born and raised in a society that considered it vulgar and ill-bred to even talk about money,let alone mingle with people in mercantile occupation. But she was slowly coming to realise that the old way of life was rapidly changing. All the distinctions that Aunt Shaw had taken great care to impress upon her and Edith were no longer clearly distinguishable. The South with its aristocratic counties was fast becoming a relic of a bygone era whereas the North with its industrial counties and Milton,in particular,was where the future was.
But while she was able to intellectually understand these things,she was still a long way from emotionally adjusting to it. She did not know what to make of the manufacturers,the industrialists,the professional men. She had not liked many of the mill masters that she had met at the dinner party. It wasn't that they openly talked about money but they seemed to exhibit the worst tendencies that accompanied the pursuit of money:greed,dishonesty and selfishness.
John,as she had noticed at the dinner party and as she was getting to know,did not belong in this group. He was far too intelligent and honest and dignified in the way he conducted his business. Even his peers seemed to recognise that.
The wives of the mill owners were another matter altogether. Most of them wanted to ape the fashionable ladies in London. They shopped,gossiped and entertained. And they were eager to welcome Margaret into their idle world.
Her mornings were busy receiving calls from these women. They were full of advice about how to decorate the house,what wallpapers and furnishings to buy,which dressmaker to patronise and where to shop. Most of it was harmless and well-intentioned. They were surprised when she told them that she didn't have any plans to strip the house bare and completely redecorate it.
The women were also curious about her supposed whirlwind romance with the reclusive mill master. The young married women,especially,were rather eager to know how she had succeeded where others had failed.
"Fanny told us it was love at first sight."
Margaret nearly choked on her tea.
Mrs Collingbrook,her latest caller,gave her a knowing smile.
Margaret could not understand how anyone who had witnessed them argue at the dinner party could entertain such an absurd notion. She supposed people will believe anything but she would dearly like to have a few words with Fanny.
"I know it is dreadfully impolite,but we are friends,are we not?" Mrs Collingbrook continued.
Margaret gave a cautious nod.
The young matron leaned forward. "Have you decided where you will take your wedding trip?"
Despite her effort to remain calm,Margaret felt a blush spread across her face and a scowl tug at her lips. "Mr Thornton is quite busy. It is too soon after the strike."
"Oh,poor you." She patted her hand in sympathy. "This strike has been such dreadful business," she sighed. "Well. When you do take your wedding trip,you must insist on Paris. There is no place better for shopping. I shall give you names of all the best dressmakers and perfumers and jewellers." She held out her hand to show a large diamond bracelet.
Margaret made a show of admiring the oversized band.
"Divine,isn't it? English designs simply do not compare."
The thought of spending another moment in the company of these women sent Margaret into a full-scale panic. She feared she would go mad if she had to entertain another such caller.
If Mrs Collingbrook was the most annoying of her callers,the Latimers were the most awkward.
Mrs Latimer and her daughter,Ann,came visiting not fifteen minutes after Mr Collingbrook. Margaret remembered Ann quite well from the dinner party. Pretty,blonde and tall,Ann had recently returned from a finishing school in Switzerland and Margaret had the uneasy feeling that the Latimers had hoped to match their daughter with John. John had certainly seemed interested. She remembered how he had pointedly turned away from her after their argument and spent the rest of the evening talking to Ann.
The visit was uncomfortable for both parties. Ann said very little and spent the entire visit studying Margaret with cool grey eyes. It was left to Mrs Latimer and Margaret to make conversation. The older women was curious about her and though she was quite polite and subtle,Margaret knew that neither the mother nor the daughter really believed the love story that Mrs Collingbrook had blindly accepted.
As soon as the visit concluded,Margaret dashed off to meet Fanny.
In the weeks leading to the marriage,Margaret had been unable to take a great deal of pleasure in Fanny's company. There had been too much crowding her mind. But now,she was surprised at how much she looked forward to visiting her sister-in-law. Fanny had been advised to not travel or move about,so Margaret would visit her every day and keep her company. And Fanny was great company. With her,Margaret could be young and carefree. And God knew,she needed that. She was starting to become weary of this continual call upon her for strength and patience.
"I didn't say love at first sight," Fanny defended herself.
They were seated in the private sitting room upstairs. Fanny being Fanny had abandoned all formality with Margaret and the Watson butler,following his mistress' lead,had stopped announcing her and after greeting her warmly,would simply inform her where Fanny could be found.
"What did you say?" Margaret asked as the maid came in with a pot of fresh tea and a plate full of tarts.
Fanny waited until the maid had left the room. "I just said it was delightfully quick," Fanny clarified. "What else did Edna ask?"
"It's not worth repeating. The woman is ridiculous," Margaret said as she sat down to pour tea for both of them.
"She is silly," Fanny agreed.
"They are all silly but they are quite clever too. Their conversation reminded of the old game where the players had to introduce as many nouns as they could into a sentence."
"What do you mean?" Fanny asked amused.
"They took nouns that are evidence of wealth—housekeepers,under-gardeners,extent of glass,valuable lace,diamonds,and all such things—and each one formed her speech so as to bring them all in. In the prettiest accidental manner possible,of course," Margaret said,handing her the cup.
Fanny laughed.
"What did you tell the Latimers?" Margaret asked,devoting a great deal of attention to stirring sugar into her cup.
"The Latimers?" Fanny echoed. "Why do you ask?"
"Mrs Latimer and Ann called today."
"Oh . . ." Fanny hesitated just long enough to make Margaret uncomfortable. "I may have encouraged Ann," she slowly admitted with an apologetic grimace. "But believe me nothing was ever going to come off it," she hastened to add.
"How do you know?" Margaret asked trying to keep her voice non-committal as she thought about the dinner party.
"Margaret. . ." Fanny waited until Margaret met her gaze and then fixed her with a reproving look. "If John wanted to marry Ann or any of the other girls,he would have long ago."
"Alright."
"As for the rest," Fanny continued,"it is natural for them to be intrigued by you. I am sure they do not know what to make of you."
Margaret supposed that Fanny was right,but she did not like the unnecessary scrutiny that the marriage invited. She wondered how long it would take for Milton society to leave her alone.
"We received an invitation from Mrs Hampers to dine with them next week," Margaret told her. "I don't think I have met her."
"She was away from Milton during the wedding and now that she is back,she will definitely want to meet you."
"Wonderful," Margaret grumbled.
"Oh,you will love the old lady," Fanny assured her. "This will be the first time you and John will be attending as a couple. I wish I could accept. I will expect a full report. And do wear that rose-gold gown," Fanny instructed. "And scarlet flowers. They will look glorious in your dark hair."
Margaret gave her a playful salute. "Yes,captain. Anything else?"
"Try this one," Fanny indicated a pastry on her plate.
Margaret picked up the small puff pastry. "Is it a new recipe?" she asked as she bit into the crème-filled center. "Oh,this is good."
"I cannot have enough of them," Fanny said popping one into her mouth and licking her finger clean. "I should hire a French pastry chef," she mused.
"Only three nouns,Fanny. I am sure you can do better."
Fanny's reply was to throw a pillow at her.
Grinning,Margaret picked up the pillow and came around the sofa to place it behind Fanny to support her back. She suddenly realised how lucky she was to have Fanny as her sister-in-law. On an impulse,Margaret pressed her hand against Fanny's arm. "Thank you."
Fanny looked at her a moment before smiling back,seeming to understand.
They both turned to face the door when they heard someone walk in. It was Mr Watson. "Ladies," he greeted them.
"Why don't you join us?" Fanny asked.
"And ruin such a charming tableau?" he asked. "I would only disturb the harmony of the composition."
Fanny rolled her eyes,although she couldn't quite supress a grin. "Are you off to another meeting?"
He nodded. "But I won't be long," he promised.
Margaret watched as he walked in the direction of the bedroom,presumably to dress,when she realised with surprise that the Watsons shared the same bedroom. Margaret had always thought that married couples kept separate rooms. She knew that Aunt Shaw and General Shaw had different bedrooms and,vague as her childhood memory was,so did her mother and father. She had never contemplated an arrangement where husbands and wives shared the same room and slept in the same bed every day. She wondered if Edith and Captain Lennox did too. She could not imagine her conventional cousin agreeing to such an arrangement. And yet such an arrangement did not seem very shocking when it came to the Watsons. In fact,it seemed quite natural,given how utterly comfortable they were in each other's presence.
Her thoughts immediately turned to her own marriage and she wondered if she would ever be able to live in the same room with John. He was such a masculine presence,with his deep voice,his tall stature and utter self-possession. The thought of sharing a bedroom,the most private of spaces,with him was unnerving and yet she couldn't seem to stop herself from imagining what it would be like. Waking up,preparing for bed,resting,sleeping,dreaming—doing it all with him as witness.
She found that she couldn't picture him living in her bedroom;hers was a feminine room,luxurious and all soft angles. And he was . . . well,John.
It suddenly occurred to her that she had never seen his room. It was the one room in the house that she hadn't ventured into. It wasn't that she afraid that he would misinterpret it as an invitation if she were to go into his room. As he had promised her on their wedding night,he hadn't made any advance towards her or brought up the subject. However,she was very aware of his expectation.
They talked more easily now,although the subjects tended to be neutral. She was surprised to discover that she looked forward to their dinner together. The meal would go on for more than an hour and became longer with each passing day as they chatted and ate in privacy. She would tell him about her progress with Darwin's Journal and he would fill in the gaps for her,explaining some of the scientific terms and ideas that she was unfamiliar with. At his urging,she tried keeping an open mind about where Darwin was likely to lead with his meticulous observations but she could see how his account of the immense diversity of animal and plant life that he had encountered during his voyage would be difficult to explain using only the Bible and scriptures.
Despite the startling new ideas suggested in the book,Margaret was nonetheless fascinated by all the unusual animals and birds and plants that Darwin had described and marvelled at the strange lands that the Beagle took him. Margaret had never heard about some of the places mentioned in the book. Enjoying her enthusiasm,John had brought out a large atlas from the library and spread it on the dining table so that she could look at the places that Darwin had so vividly described.
Thinking upon that night,Margaret had to admit that it had been rather . . . sweet of him.
"What are you smiling about?" Fanny asked,watching her.
"Just something you once said," Margaret said,still smiling.
When Margaret had told Edith that John was a very busy man,she had not really understood just how busy. But now after more than a week of living with him,she was beginning to understand how impossible his schedule was. She had never known anyone who worked so much. He would wake up at six,have his breakfast at half past and would leave for the mill immediately after. He would occasionally return to the house during the day to collect papers or some files before going to his second warehouse located across the town or for his various meetings. He would return home at seven for dinner but instead of retiring,he would go to his study to "complete some pending work." Margaret had not realised how late he stayed up,until,one night,when she had heard him enter the master suite and go to his room. It had been half past eleven. The next night,lying in her bed she had waited to hear what time he would retire. That night,it had been quarter past midnight.
Margaret failed to understand how could one man,even with managers and clerks working for him,have so much work. The only time she was sure to see him was breakfast and supper. She wondered if he took lunch at his club. Many men preferred to eat at their clubs when they were in town. She hoped he did. She did not want to change his schedule but she couldn't help but worry a little. Such a relentless schedule couldn't possibly be good for him.
Margaret was reading in the library one afternoon when John came into the room. Looking up,she saw him pause when he found her curled on the settee,a book open on her drawn-up knees,a cup of tea in one hand and small plate next to her.
"I came to get some documents," he explained.
Margaret watched him as he leaned over the table and sorted through a small stack of papers to find the ones that he needed.
"Will you not eat lunch?" she asked,setting her cup on the table.
"I don't have time," he said,straightening the pile. "I have a meeting with the factory regulators."
Margaret thought about what he had eaten for breakfast:toast with poached eggs and sausages. That was more than six hours ago and supper wouldn't be in another six. She closed the book. "Please wait." She rose from the settee and slid her feet into her slippers. "I will be back in a moment."
"Margaret,I have—"
She left the room before he could finish the sentence and hastened to the kitchen.
She returned six minutes later with a small tray of sandwiches and pasties,certain that she would find him gone. Gripping the handles of the tray with both hands,she pushed her shoulder against the door.
Miraculously,he was still standing where she had left him,perusing the papers in his hands.
She set the tray on the small table. "Please sit," she said as she placed a couple of sandwiches on a plate.
He didn't move for several moments and she thought he was going to refuse,claiming that he was already late. But to her surprise,he put the papers back on the table and sat down next to her on the settee.
She held out the plate for him. He was unusually quiet and still as he stared at the plate,his eyes lowered. Margaret couldn't tell what he was thinking.
She pushed the plate into his hands. "Eat," she said in unmistakable command.
He picked up a sandwich and did as she bid.
A maid came in with the tea service that she had asked for. While he ate,Margaret poured the steaming beverage into a cup.
"Why do you not eat lunch?" she asked,handing him the tea.
"I fell out of habit."
"But you must eat something between breakfast and supper," she asked.
"I eat at my club if I happen to be nearby," he said and drained the cup in a few quick swallows.
Somehow she doubted it. He seemed the sort who would not think to eat unless someone put some food in front of him or put it in his schedule. After a quick glance at the empty plate,she grabbed the tongs and picked up one of the pasties from the tray.
He held up a hand. "I have to go—"
Ignoring him,she deposited the pasty on his plate. Setting down the tongs,she picked up a fork and wordlessly held it out for him. He looked at her for a moment before obediently taking the fork. Finally settling back a little,he began eating slowly,savouring the spiced meat and caramelised onions.
It was strangely satisfying to get him to stop his maniac schedule for a few moments and to get him to eat. It was such a wifely thing to do,she realised as she poured him another cup and made one for herself.
"What is that?" he asked after a while,glancing at the remaining éclair on her plate.
She smiled. "It's pain à la duchesse," she replied. Margaret had learned the recipe from her aunt who had picked it up during her travel in France. "We prepared a batch to take to Fanny. She loves them."
"You have a sweet tooth as well," he commented.
"Oh,I . . . well,yes," she admitted sheepishly. "Would you like to try it?" she asked.
He shook his head. He didn't like sweets. She had noticed that he always took a very small portion of dessert at supper,mostly so that she wouldn't feel awkward eating the dessert course by herself.
"Would it be alright if I send a lunch hamper to your office?" she asked. "Would this time be suitable?"
He nodded as he set the plate aside and finished his tea.
"Thank you for this," he said,smiling and before she could respond,he leaned towards her and gave her a quick kiss on her cheek.
She turned her head toward him,his lips parted with surprise. "Don't send the hamper. I will be home for lunch," he said and rose from the settee.
He collected his papers from the table. "I shall see you later," he said and stepped from the room,leaving her rather pleased with herself and as red as a rose.
A/N:Hey,again,I am really sorry about how long it has taken me to update. The writing has been a bit difficult;I hope the chapter does not disappoint. As most of you have commented,this is a slow burn romance but I hope not too slow. Things will pick up soon. I promise:)
Once again,thank you so much for all your comments and reviews. I cannot tell you how tremendously motivating it is,especially when inspiration is in short supply. As always please do let me know what you think. Is it too slow? Is it okay? Is it good? Bad?
Love,
SQ
PS:Although I do use lines and descriptions from the book,I have borrowed a lot of lines from the novel and the BBC series for the Princeton scene.

-THE PARTY-
John stared at the papers in front of him,a frown notched between his brows. He had spent the entire morning trying to organise a production schedule that would allow Marlborough Mills to meet its commitments.
Yesterday evening,he had carefully reviewed the account books with his manager and then reviewed them again later at night in the solitude of his study. A good deal of his capital was locked up in new and expensive machinery and no matter how he much he shifted the numbers in his ledger,the available capital was a lot less than he liked. But there was nothing to be done about it except keep a close eye for the next few weeks and fulfil the large orders that he had in hand. Once the mill received payment on those orders,it should set the figures back to a comfortable margin.
Since the strike,he had been working the mill at record capacity. The new machines that he had purchased and installed were faster and more efficient and only the most skilled and trained hands were allowed to work on them.
He went through the schedule again. He was certain there were more efficiencies that could be made to the process,but his exhausted mind wasn't seeing them at the moment.
He dropped the quill into the inkwell and got to his feet,collecting his coat on his way out. It was unseasonably warm for early May,but he wasn't complaining. It meant a good and long summer. It meant that people will buy cotton.
He strode out of the mill and headed toward the house,noting on his way that the new shipment of cotton had arrived and was being transferred into the holding room under William's supervision.
John stepped into the entrance hall and closed the front door. He was at once enveloped by the cool,soothing quiet of the house,so peaceful after the sweltering ceaseless roar just outside its door. He closed his eyes and listened to the silence. The house was quiet,except for the occasional household noise which intensified the drowsy atmosphere—the clatter of a dish from the kitchen,the dull thump of a door closing,the whisper of a servant's voice.
He had never thought of his house as a place of refuge,a sanctuary from the outside world. It was an alarmingly empty place of which he occupied mere three rooms. But Margaret had taken the emptiness and converted it into home with nothing more than her presence.
As he slowly made his way through the rooms on the ground floor,searching for his wife,he noticed the small changes that she had made to the house. The heavy over-drapes had been replaced with lace curtains to allow sunlight to filter inside the rooms. The furniture had been slightly rearranged and pulled close together to form snug clusters and a collection of soft cushions sat invitingly on the sofas. Large vases full of flowers completed the transformation,their delicate scent perfuming the air. Taken together these were small changes but the effect was remarkable.
He looked inside the library,hoping to find her there but the room was empty. He turned around and strolled through the central hall to the back garden,wondering if she was even home.
He found Margaret standing in a flood of sunlight,wearing a straw hat to protect her head against the sun. She was dressed in a pretty white muslin frock with a wide blue sash tied behind her in a bow. She looked like a butterfly.
She was listening intently to the old gardener,who was sitting on his haunches and sifting the loam through his fingers. The soil had been turned over and compost had been mixed into it. The air was heavy with the smell of moist earth.
"Yo' ha' to know th' right spot for each flower," he heard the gardener tell her. "Some like shade,some don't," the old man said getting to his feet.
John couldn't hear the rest as they moved to the far side of the garden so he stood by the door,filling his gaze with her. He couldn't see her face,but she had such an expressive way of walking and moving that he could tell she was full of questions and brimming with excitement.
She seemed to have taken to gardening with the same passion with which she approached everything—except,of course,their relationship. He fell into wondering what it would be like if she brought all that passion to their marriage. There were occasional glimmers of it,like when she had added a lunchtime into his schedule in a gentle but bossy way.
He was surprised to find that he missed their debates—arguments. They had established a tentative peace by avoiding subjects that were likely to be contentious. It made sense. Their relationship was too fragile to survive the weight of any serious disagreement.
But it was not easy,this half-cautious,half-curious circling around each other. He knew he had only himself to blame but he wondered if she would have made any effort at all,if it were left to her. He was too busy during the day to think about it,but at night when she sat across him,all he could think was how tempting she was and how long she would need.
He saw the gardener pick up a stick lying nearby and after stabbing it into the soil,pull it out and give it to Margaret to look at while he continued his explanation. At the end of the lecture,Margaret lifted her head,made a comment and smiled widely.
John stepped into the garden. Sensing movement,Margaret turned her head in his direction. She looked surprised at his sudden appearance. He rarely came to the house during the day,unless it was to collect some document or files and lunch was not for another hour.
"How is the garden coming along?" he asked when he reached them.
She gave him a curious look. "Quite well," she said. "Newton thinks we should be ready to plant this week."
"Aye. I'll get th' saplings and th' roots from the nursery," the old man added. After casting a final assessing glance around the garden,he said,"I'll be goin'." He doffed his cap at them. "Master. Missus."
They watched as he placed his shovel and tools in his wheelbarrow and steered it through the garden door.
"Is it going to be a rose garden?" he asked once they were alone.
"It will mostly be roses," she said,"but we will be planting other flowers as well. Newton suggested that we grow shrubs and flowers together to throw the flowers in relief."
"And have you decided where you will plant the flowers?"
"Yes," she nodded brightly. "We'll be growing the damask roses here," she pointed at the wall with the stick. "It will protect the blooms from the wind. And here we'll plant a thick row of old blush and another row of alba and china rose there. The verbena and geraniums will go over there. And—" She turned around and walked down the path,her sash dancing behind her. He followed behind,helplessly charmed. "—and the delphiniums on this end. We will plant sombreuil and sweetbriar along the walls and teach them to climb. We might grow asters and veronicas later." She turned to face him. "I am thinking of adding a small arbour near the wall on that side. It should offer a good view of the garden. We can easily train the ramblers over it. It should look quite pretty when the flowers are in bloom."
"You have it all planned out," he said.
"It is all his idea really," she said quickly. "Most of my suggestions turned out to be impractical. I had not considered how cold the winters are up here. We will have to forgo dahlias and some of the hot-house varieties."
"Do you plan to garden yourself?"
"Eventually. But I am afraid I will undo Newton's work with my blundering. I hardly know anything about it. In Helstone,we had someone from the village come over and tend to our garden so I never paid any attention to it." She fell silent,frowning slightly as if she couldn't believe her oversight.
"Tell me about Helstone," he said.
"Helstone?" she repeated,surprised by his question.
"Is it a village or a town?"
"Oh,only a hamlet," she answered. "I don't think I could call it a village at all. There is the church and a few houses near it on the green—cottages,rather—with roses growing all over them."
He smiled. "It sounds like a village in a tale rather than real life."
She looked at him to see if he intended the comment as a sarcasm and upon finding no hint of mockery,returned his smile. "And so it is," she said. "Helstone is like a village in a poem. In one of Tennyson's poems. And the parsonage is the most beautiful that I know of. . ." Her eyes took on a faintly faraway look as she remembered the place. "There are great trees standing all about it,with their branches making a deep shade of rest even at noonday. At places the turf is as soft and fine as velvet and sometimes quite lush. And then in other parts,there are billowy ferns—whole stretches of fern,some in the green shadow,some with long streaks of golden sunlight lying on them." She was silent for a moment and then she returned to the present with a rueful smile. "I don't think I can put its charm into words."
He wanted to disagree,but he remained silent,encouraging her to continue.
"I could scarcely wait for father to take me back for the summers—even if it was for a few weeks," she said eagerly. "I loved going on walks near the forest and meeting all its people. Or sometimes just lying on the heather all noon doing nothing."
As she spoke,his mind easily conjured a vision of Margaret sleeping under the shade of a tree with tall green grass swaying around her in the breeze.
"How old were you when you went to London?" he asked.
"Nine," she replied.
"You couldn't have liked London,not after Helstone," he said.
She nodded. "I was miserable the first few weeks. I remember crying myself to sleep on my first night. We were not allowed to go out at all. We were always up in the nursery. It was such a dark and dim room. And the nurse—so austere and ceremonious. She was terribly particular about clean hands and torn frocks."
"Torn frocks?" he asked amused,trying to picture Margaret as a little girl.
"Oh,yes," she said,tossing him an impish look,forgetting to be self-conscious in his presence. "You have no idea the kind of mischief little girls can get up to."
"I have a sister," he reminded her. His image of the grown-up Margaret resting on the heather dissolved away and he saw a little girl running wild in the forest with dark hair flying behind her,climbing trees,jumping into puddles,picking up fights—he wouldn't put it past her. He found himself smiling approvingly. "You must have been quite a handful as a child."
She laughed softly in acknowledgement,shaking her head at her childhood self. He saw a dimple tease at the corner of her mouth.
"Were you happy in London?" he asked.
"Yes. I had a wonderful time there. We had an excellent governess and masters. It was fun growing up with a sister my own age. We played together and shared lessons. I came to love that old nursery. I was very sorry to leave it," she said with a nostalgic sigh.
They stood for a time smiling at each other.
"Is it time for lunch?" she asked,throwing away her stick and sending it sailing in a low arc.
He consulted his pocket watch. "Not yet."
"How beautiful," she said when she saw the gold watch glinting in the sun. "May I see it?"
He hesitated a moment before placing it in her palm. "Oh!" Her hand dipped a little,surprised by the unexpected weight. The watch was made of solid gold with a beautifully designed gold case to hold it. She swept an admiring thumb over the intricate pattern etched on the cover before releasing the catch to open it. The dial was in fine white enamel with crisp black roman numerals and gold hands. It was a large,old-fashioned but impressive watch.
"Is it an heirloom?" she asked,carefully closing the case.
"No."
She gave him an inquiring look. "Where did you get it?"
"It belonged to my father," he said. She watched his face for a long moment and he wasn't sure he wanted to know what she saw there.
The pocket watch was one of the few items that his mother had saved,stubbornly refusing to sell it so that her son would have something that belonged to his father. John had not wanted it. He had not wanted any keepsake of the man whose carelessness,selfishness and weakness had destroyed their family.
She gave it back to him. "I am sorry. Your fa—"
"Don't be," he said briskly as he returned the watch to his pocket.
"But—" she began and then stopped.
He didn't want to talk about it. He had never discussed his father with anyone. Not even his mother. And Fanny had been too young to understand anything. He didn't want to talk about his past—not today and especially not now.
But when he looked at Margaret,he saw that she had lowered her head,the brim of her hat hiding her face from him. Even without looking at her,he knew that she had lost all the cheeriness that she had a moment ago.
"My father was very fond of watches," he heard himself tell her.
Margaret lifted her head,but she did not speak.
"He bought this one from Paris. It is a Breguet." He took out the watch again and opened the back cover to show her the gold cuvette on which the maker's name was engraved. "The watch movement uses a very expensive innovation."
He had very clear memories of the day his father had brought the watch. He remembered hunching over the table as his father had carefully lifted the cuvette to show him the delicate inner working and explained the difference between a ruby cylinder movement and a verge fuse movement. He remembered his mother's look of shock at the extravagance before reluctantly conceded that it was a fine watch when she saw the enthusiasm on her husband's face.
"John?" she said softly.
He realised he had drifted off in his own thoughts. "It was his favourite piece," he said,looking at the watch.
"You have taken good care of it," she said.
He had. He never knew why. And he never knew why he continued wearing it. Her green eyes continued searching his,curious and perceptive at the same time.
"It is a unique piece," he said. "Although to be fair,all Breguets are unique. No two are exactly alike."
"Did he teach you about . . ." she paused. "Is there a name for the subject?"
He nodded. "Horology."
"Did he teach you horology?" she asked.
"More than I cared to learn."
"I thought you would have enjoyed learning about mechanical things," she said.
"I did. But I was more interested in big,loud machines. A watch was not nearly as exciting as a steam engine."
She smiled at that and then tilted her head a little. He instantly knew she was trying to picture him as a young child just as he had done with her.
"I cannot imagine you as a little boy," she surprised him by admitting.
"A beanpole with a nose he hadn't grown into," he described himself.
She pressed her lips,trying hard not to show her amusement,but her eyes were sparkling with laughter and her dimples deepened. It was enough to make him want to say more.
"I used to spend a lot of time in the repair shop and the engine-room," he told her. His father's factory had been his favourite childhood haunt. He had first visited the place when he had been seven or eight years old. He remembered being utterly terrified and utterly captivated. He had gone missing for hours as he had explored the place. One of the workers had finally found him in the engine room,covered in soot and grease. It had been the best day of his young life.
Strange how he had not thought about that for so many years.
"Wasn't it dangerous?" she asked.
"That was part of the appeal."
"So you must have sneaked in," she easily guessed. She smiled in approval at the eight year old he had been. "Were you ever caught?"
"It never stopped me."
She laughed then,a lovely,mirthful laugh and the sound of it echoed through him in every nerve and vein. He felt his chest tighten,as he stood looking at her in a lovesick daze. Lovesick?
Inwardly startled by the thought,he kept an amused smile on his face. "Shall we go inside?" he asked.
She nodded,a smile hovering on her lips. He reached out to untie the ribbons of her hat before she could lift her hand to do it herself. She looked surprised,but she didn't protest and stood perfectly still while he loosened the knot. She had tied it loosely about her face due to the heat. A delicious scent clung to her,a combination of soap and skin that teased his senses. He carefully removed the hat from her head.
"Thank you," she said,taking it from him. "I will go wash my hands and join you in the dining room."
He nodded and after watching her disappear into the house,he went back to survey the garden as an idea came to him.
Later that evening,Margaret was seated at her vanity table. Her new maid,Martha,had just finished dressing her hair and was helping her tie her slippers. Securing the knot with a flourish,Martha stood up to admire her handiwork.
The gown Margaret was wearing was in rose-tinted silk woven with pale gold threads,creating a shimmering rose-gold effect. Like her wedding gown,it was cut in a simple style with short sleeves and a wide neckline that left her shoulders bare. The intricate gold design on the close-fitting bodice provided all the ornamentation that was needed.
Her hair,usually too heavy for pins,had been artfully twisted and pinned up in an elegant style. As the final touch,Martha had tucked a scarlet rose into her hair just as Fanny had commanded.
Pleased with the look,Margaret thanked her maid and left her room. John had said he would meet her downstairs. Walking softly,she descended the staircase and crossed the hall to the drawing room.
She paused near the doorway. John was standing in the far corner of the room,leaning over a table,reading something with a slight frown of concentration. She felt an instant flare of irritation. Did the man ever stop working? But his absorption gave her the rare opportunity to study him unobserved.
He was dressed impeccably in formal evening wear. His black coat sharply contrasted with the ivory coloured silk waistcoat and matching cravat tied over pristine white linen. His dark hair had been brushed back,but it didn't look like he had bothered to set it. Already a small lock of hair had fallen over his forehead. However,it did nothing to diminish how forbiddingly handsome he looked.
He had been a different creature this morning,she thought. He had been curious and amused and the corners of his eyes had crinkled attractively when he had smiled. And even though he had been reluctant to talk about his parents,he had told her enough for her to draw a picture of a happy childhood before tragedy had befallen the family.
But how different their childhoods had been. Hers had been spend in an idyllic,forest community and his in a busy,industrial city. And yet she could not deny that this morning had created a fragile connection between them.
He was still quite intent on his reading and feeling like a voyeur,she took a step inside the room to alert him of her presence. Her silk rustled softly as she moved. He instantly looked up and she tried for a smile but couldn't manage it. Instead,a hot tide of red washed over her.
He was looking at her in that strange,piercing way of his that made her want to curl her toes. All the warm,friendly feeling that had developed between them this afternoon had suddenly evaporated in a blaze. She felt acutely self-conscious and was suddenly embarrassed about her dress and the showy rose in her hair. A moment ago,she had been happy with how she looked but now they made her feel as if she was on display.
Blushing furiously beneath his steady regard,Margaret finally stopped before him and unconsciously held her breath.
Instead of uttering some pleasantry as most men would have,John remained silent and drew out a small object from his pocket. It was a jeweller's box.
She immediately shook her head when he held out the small flat case. "Please . . . you don't have to."
"I had brought it as a wedding gift," he explained,"but I never got around to presenting it to you.
She fell silent at that. She wordlessly took it from him and opened the lid. Inside was a pair of gold openwork earrings set with two sparkling diamonds.
As she stared at the earrings,a succession of emotions went through her—pleasure and happiness followed by discomfort and a sense of obligation. She did not want him to give her such expensive presents. It felt undeserved and reminded her of what she was denying him.
She lifted her gaze to him. "Shall I wear it tonight?" she asked,wondering if that was what he intended.
"If you think they will suit your gown," he said.
Margaret walked to the mirror above the mantle and carefully took off the small gold hoop earring that she had been wearing. She saw him follow her and watch her as she put on her new pair.
The earrings looked even more stunning when worn. The openwork design showed off the diamonds to brilliant effect.
"They are beautiful. Thank you," she said,looking at his reflection. "Did father tell you my birth month?"
"Yes," he said. "I needed your age for the license."
"What is your date of birth?"
"November the first."
She placed her old earrings in the case. "I will keep this back in my room."
"You can keep them later," he said,taking the box from her and slipping it into his pocket. "It's time to go."
"Who are the Hampers?" she asked,when they were on their way.
"They are an old Milton family. Mr Hampers was one of the early cotton lords. The sons run the business now,but the old man continues to be an important figure."
"Cotton lords?" she repeated.
"It is exactly as it sounds," he said with a wry smile. "The trade was very different fifty years ago. The early masters had unlimited power. There were only a handful of mills so they controlled all the terms."
Seeing the look of dismay on her face,he assured her. "Mr Hampers was one of the few sensible masters from that era. The business wouldn't have lasted this long otherwise. The Hampers are good people,you will like them."
The Hampers lived in the quieter district of Milton,on a street lined with spacious town houses. As soon as their carriage rolled to a stop,a footman opened the door and let down the steps. John handed her out of the vehicle and led her up the short front stairs and into the brightly lit hall.
Mr Hampers,their host,was a large man with white whiskers framing his face. Upon noticing them,he walked toward them,lightly supporting himself on a cane,a smile of welcome on his face.
"Thornton,good to see you."
The men shook hands and John introduced her to Mr Hampers,who greeted her with warm pleasure.
"Ah,here's my wife." Mr Hamper stood aside to make space for an elderly,white-haired woman. Mrs Hampers regarded her with a sharp,lively gaze.
"I'm glad you could come," she said,offering Margaret her hand. She stood back,her gaze flickering from John to Margaret and then taking in the both of them together. "You make a very handsome couple. Do they not,William?"
As they stood conversing with the Hampers,there was no doubt that they were attracting the attention of the assembled guests. Margaret could see people quietly turning in their direction and then moving their heads close together to exchange their observations. She wondered what they saw or what they thought they were seeing. A handsome couple,as Mrs Hampers had called them . . . a couple in love? They stood side by side,his arm lightly brushing her shoulder,though they scarcely glanced at each other. They were behaving,she thought,like a respectably married couple—together but without paying each other any overt attention.
They stayed together as they proceeded about the room,exchanging greetings with the other guests. She recognised most of them from the wedding reception but there were also a lot of new faces. There were businessmen,politicians,bankers and a few profession she had never heard of. And there were,of course,the Latimers.
"I haven't seen Miss Latimer tonight," she made herself ask after exchanging pleasantries with the mother.
"Oh,she is over there," Mrs Latimer turned to indicate a group across the room.
Margaret inclined her head in greeting when Ann Latimer met her gaze. Ann acknowledged her but she remained with her friends and did not move to join her mother. Margaret talked with Mrs Latimer for a bit before she and John drifted to another group.
If she were honest with herself,the thought of meeting the Latimers,especially Ann,was the only part of the evening that had made her uneasy. But now having gone through with it,she felt that perhaps she was being oversensitive. The Latimers were quite cordial and she doubted that Ann would do or say anything that might draw any attention to her disappointed expectations.
Mrs Hampers appeared at her side and drew her away for some time.
"I must say you are an extremely pleasant surprise," the old lady confided with a twinkling look. "When I heard that Mr Thornton had taken a bride from the South,I expected a young woman full of airs and graces,looking down her nose at our smoky,dirty town."
Margaret smiled since there didn't seem to be anything to say in response to that but she admired the old lady's candour.
Mrs Hampers continued:"I heard that you visit the worker's district."
Margaret marvelled anew at the speed at which news travelled in Milton. "I have a good friend there and I know some of her neighbours."
To her surprise,her hostess nodded approvingly. "I wish more young women would take an interest. Although you must take care. Those districts can be quite rough."
It was true,to an extent. Princeton had frightened her a little in the beginning. She remembered the first time she had run into a mob of workers as they were returning home from their mills. They had come rushing along with bold and loud laughs. The tones of their unrestrained voices and their carelessness of all common rules of street politeness had been terrifying. That was how she had met Nicholas. He had helped her get away from the crowd and advised her to avoid the street when the whistle sounded at the mills.
"Why don't you join me for tea next Wednesday?" Mrs Hampers asked. "The Ladies Committee will be meeting on that day. We are planning a charity event to raise funds for the poor schools. It would be nice to have a fresh and young mind in our committee."
"Thank you," Margaret said. "I would love to join."
They chatted for a while during which Margaret discovered that Mrs Hampers was something of a champion of social causes. Her passion and enthusiasm was genuine and infectious and Margaret found herself looking forward to learning more from the lady.
Supper was an elaborate affair with an endless procession of platters and trays and a great many courses. The food was magnificent,the wine delicious and the conversation stimulating.
Margaret was surprised to think how much she enjoyed this party. She had never thought she would be fascinated by the things that were discussed at the table. The men talked about commerce and politics,the state of trade,policy and regulations and the fortunes of companies. They discussed whether America was a better supplier or not,debated the rising price of cotton and compared interest rates. She knew enough now to understand some of the technical words employed by the men and listened to them with interest. She was beginning to get a sense of the power which these Milton men had and even if some of it savoured of boasting,it did not seem entirely unwarranted.
She knew that in her cooler moments she might not approve of their attitude in all things but for now,she was willing to set aside her objections and learn to view them with understanding and even admiration for what they had accomplished.
Margaret found her gaze constantly drawn to her husband. He was a quietly powerful presence and even though he did not speak very much but when he did,she noticed that other men listened with keen attention. Judging from the way the men sought his opinion on a variety of matters,it was becoming clear to her that her husband was a man of considerable influence. In her ignorance and arrogance,she had viewed him as a mere mill owner and John himself had never bothered to correct her impression. She had never really understood or appreciated the complexity and extent of his business or the power and influence he wielded.
A line from Isaiah came to her mind . . . her merchants like princes.
His gaze suddenly locked with her and even though they were seated far apart,she was aware of an instant connection between them. There was an arrested expression on his face and she wondered what her expression conveyed. She stopped herself from blushing and tore her gaze away,not wanting to be caught staring at her husband across the dining table.
"Congratulations," Mr Hampers told John as they rejoined the ladies in the parlour. "She is a lovely young lady."
John gave a nod of acknowledgement. Margaret was standing at the far side of the room,talking with another lady and Colthurst,a local politician.
"And extremely handsome,if I may be allowed to say so," Collingbrook joined in,following his gaze to Margaret. "You have chosen well."
John was not very surprised by the congratulatory and envious looks that he had received from his acquaintances upon meeting Margaret. It was as he had expected. Despite all their successes and professed indifference for the old-fashioned South,the old hierarchies were too deeply ingrained to be easily erased. The lure of the cultivated class was simply too powerful to resist. John was well aware of the southern glamour that Margaret had the power of throwing over many people—her soft,cultured voice,her way of talking and moving and the fact that she was a gentleman's daughter. More than one man had enquired about her at the Marlborough dinner.
But he was also aware that Margaret's appeal went beyond that. Her youth and stunning beauty would always draw attention regardless of her background.
He swept a swift gaze across the room,slowing down to linger on Margaret,experiencing as always a stab of longing at the sight of her. She was breathtaking tonight,outshining every other woman in the room. Her gown,elegant and simple,moulded her slender curves and that was all the allure it needed. Her dark,glossy hair had been swept up to reveal the delicate lines of her neck and shoulder and was adorned with a single bewitching rose.
He had expected the envious looks and covetous glances but what he had not expected was the raw possessiveness he experienced.
He glanced at Margaret. She seemed to be in the midst of a rather involved conversation and while Colthurst had the audience of two ladies,it was more than obvious who held his attention.
Ignoring the surge of irritation at the sight,he firmly returned his attention to his group,listening to everything that was being said without hearing a word. He was aware of an ugly,dark mood creeping over him and was shocked by the strength of the feeling.
He was rarely vulnerable to unnecessary and excessive emotions. His life had been ruled by logic and discipline and responsibility. Margaret,he could now admit to himself,was the only indulgence he had allowed himself. It was as if all the reckless impulses he had denied himself had come over him in that one moment when he had made the decision to marry her. It was a new and alarming experience,being driven by emotion rather than reason and John wasn't sure he liked it. But it didn't seem to matter as his gaze and thoughts kept drifting to Margaret.
He supposed he ought to woo her. But he suspected that she would view any such attempt with wariness. He knew he would. She had looked uncomfortable accepting the earrings from him. He imagined the gift must have appeared as an attempt to persuade her with expensive presents,although that had not been his intention.
The night was drawing to a close. Many of the guests were preparing to take their leave. He crossed the room toward Margaret,threading through groups of guest,avoiding getting drawn into conversations.
When he reached her side,he rested a hand against the small of her back. He felt her startle at the touch. She had not seen him approach.
"Ah,Thornton," Colthurst said,acknowledging his arrival.
They knew each other,not closely,but well enough that a small conversation was expected.
"It has been a while. How are you?" Colthurst enquired.
"Quite well."
"Congratulations on handling the strike. The relief is quite evident," he said,glancing at the guests.
Next to him,Margaret remained impassive. It was one of the subjects that they had wisely decided to not talk about.
"I imagine everything is back to normal?" the man continued.
"Business is a bit more complicated than that," John said. "It will take a while."
Colthurst nodded and turned his attention toward Margaret. "Well,it was a pleasure to make your acquaintance," he said,bowing over her hand.
With a nod to Colthurst,he led Margaret away. They found the Hampers and soon took their leave.
The night had grown somewhat chilly and Margaret draped a shawl over her shoulders as they stepped out of the house and waited for their carriage.
"Did you enjoy the evening?" he asked when their carriage started moving.
She was looking out of the window but she turned her head alertly at the question.
"Yes. Very much," she said with a frank smile.
"I thought you may not have liked listening to commercial and business discussions."
"On the contrary,that's what I enjoyed the most. I was very much interested in what the gentlemen were talking about,even though I did not understand half of it. But they spoke with such seriousness and thoroughness and not in the used-up style at London parties. I was engrossed."
"You seemed to get along well with Mrs Hampers," he remarked.
"Oh,I like her very much," she said. "She is quite a character. She is quite determined that I should not idle away my time."
"I didn't think there was any fear of that. What did you talk about with Colthurst?" he asked.
"Mr Colthurst was explaining some of the difficulties in establishing a school for young boys," she answered. "I had not realised that there are not many schools here that offered a proper education."
Of course,John thought. Colthurst and his schools. He would have found a pretty ready listener in Margaret.
"It seems that the men are not quite easy in their mind even though the strike is over," he heard her ask.
"The market usually takes some time to recover after a strike," he explained. "A lot of mills are behind on their orders."
She hesitated a moment. "And what about Marlborough Mills?"
He looked at her in surprise. She had never showed any interest in the actual running of the mill and rarely from the master's point of view. "We are trying to meet the shipment dates. I plan to ask the hands to work overtime the next few weeks. Once the large orders have been fulfilled,things will settle down. It's nothing I can't handle."
"I didn't mean to suggest that," she said hastily. "It is just that I heard the men complain about lack of skilled workers and I wondered if the situation at Marlborough Mills is different."
"We have more efficient and modern machines. It makes all the difference."
"But you will still require skilled workers."
"Yes," he acknowledged,"the looms are only semi-automatic. They are the best of their kind but they have their own set of problems. We are working with the loom factories to perfect the design."
"Wouldn't these machines put a lot of people out of work?" she asked,twisting in her seat to face him,a look of absorption on her face.
It attracted him the way she would unconsciously drop her usual guard whenever something challenged her mind.
"Yes," he admitted. "But it can't be helped. I don't think we will ever completely eliminate the workers,but it will reduce our dependency on them significantly."
A small frown had settled between her fine,dark brows. "But isn't this an unfair notion of progress?"
He smiled slightly. "You are only looking at a part of the picture. Mechanization will improve life for everyone. It will give rise to new industries and more work will be created as a result. Things will become affordable for common people because machines will make mass production possible and bring down the cost of producing an article. With agricultural machinery,a farmer can grow twice as much food in a year on the same amount of land in half the time than it normally takes. The benefits far outweigh the negatives."
She remained silent as she appeared to consider his points. He loved to watch her think,to see the change in her expression as she sifted through his arguments. He could see that she did not entirely agree with him. But that was hardly surprising.
While she remained oblivious in thought,he let his gaze linger on her face,taking in the details illuminated by the passing street lamps—the soft luminescence of her skin,the dark green of her eyes,the long lashes,the slim nose. Her mouth was not the classic rosebud but red and lush,the upper lip as full as the lower.
"I would like to see some of the machines myself," she said surprising him. "I haven't even seen your mill."
"No,you haven't," he said. "Would you like a tour?"
"Yes,I would like that very much."
He considered the best time to show her around. "You will have to give me a couple of week," he said. "We are running on a very tight schedule and—"
"I understand. I wasn't expecting it right away. I can wait."
His reply was forestalled as the carriage rolled to a halt. They had reached home.
The house was quiet when they entered. It was well past eleven. The servants had long since gone to bed,except Grimsby,who let them in and bolted the door.
Draping the shawl over her arm,Margaret made her way across the hall to the stairs.
"Margaret?"
When she turned around,he said,"Will you join me for a moment? I want to show you something."
She stood with her hand on the banister,surprised by the unusual request but followed him when he went in the direction of the study.
As always,Grimsby had readied the room for him. He had dimmed the oil lamps and kept a small fire smouldering in the fireplace. The flickering flames cast a warm glow over the room and illuminated the polished furniture.
Unlike the other rooms in the house,she hadn't changed anything in his study,instinctively understanding that he preferred the room exactly as it was.
He turned up one of the lamps and set it on the table.
"I wanted to show you these," he said,sliding a few sheets toward her when she reached the table.
Puzzled,Margaret picked up the papers. She realised she was looking at a sketch for a conservatory. He had designed a gable style,rectangular conservatory attached to the house on one side and accessible from the garden. It was a simple design with plenty of glass windows and harmonious with the house.
She lifted her head from the drawings. "You drew this?" she asked.
He nodded. "I thought you could use a conservatory. To grow your dahlias or any other flowers you want."
Lowering her head,she studied the drawings again. They were drawn in the neat and bold hand with a few notes scrawled on the margins. He had showed two views of the building,one from the front and one from the side. She could clearly visualise the final conservatory from his sketches. The small glass structure would be unobstructive and lovely tucked into the corner of the garden. Surprised that he would take out time from his busy schedule to create something for her,she looked up at him with genuine pleasure.
"Do you like it?" he asked.
"It's beautiful!" She graced him with a radiant smile. "Thank you."
"I tried not taking too much space. It is on the far side,near the mews," he said,pointing at the sketch.
"It is perfect," she assured him.
"I will arrange for a builder," he said. "It shouldn't take too long to build it. It is not a very complicated structure. I will make sure the construction does not interfere with Newton's work."
"Thank you," she said again. She smiled at the drawings,the sight of them made her happy. She read the notes that he had written for the builder,describing the heating system to be installed. Setting down the papers in a neat stack,she turned to face him,a question on her lips but promptly forgot it when she found that he had been looking intently at her all this time. His expression caused a fierce colour to spread over her face. She could feel her ears turn red and hot.
They were standing very close,not quite touching but close enough for the air to heat between them. She thought about backing away but curiosity and nervousness held her immobile.
She dimly heard the clock on his table counting the silence with delicate precision. She waited,wondering what he might do. He continued looking at her and for a brief,electric moment,his gaze dipped to her lips. Desperately,she hoped that he wouldn't kiss her and for reasons that were altogether contradictory.
Sensing her uncertainty,John straightened and stepped away,breaking the spell. She immediately looked away,regaining her breath and stepped back as well,putting crucial distance between them.
He reached inside his pocket and took out the jewellery case. "Here."
She took the box from him and stared fixedly at it,trying to will her recalcitrant heart to its normal rhythm.
"Your ear. . ." She felt him gently stroke the upper rim of her ear.
Startled,she instinctively touched a hand to her ear and discovered just how mortifyingly hot it was.
"Yes,it's . . . hot," she said inanely.
He gave her a rare grin,full of amusement and affection and despite everything,she felt like smiling herself.
She suspected it was the ease that they had shared this morning that made it possible for her to smile even as her face continued to flame with embarrassment.
Smilingly bashfully,she bid him good night and slipped out of the room on a small tide of euphoria.
A/N:Hello! Sorry about the long absence. I've had a difficult few weeks—a series of events that sucked all inspiration and motivation out of me. A seemingly minor disagreement between my husband and me about office timing – office timing! – turned into a cold war that lasted nearly a month. I know it sounds ridiculous and it is but sometimes things have such a way of escalating. All the old grievances and resentments find an outlet and before you know it,you are dealing with a mountain of unresolved issues. It took a cancer scare to bring us to our senses. And what a scare it was. It took a slew of tests to rule out malignancy. Those three weeks were absolute hell. They finally diagnosed the lump in my breast as acute chronic inflammation.
So that's what's been happening in my life. It wasn't lacking in drama. We took a short vacation to get away from all the stress and find some calm.
Anyway:)
I am so very happy to finally be able to post this chapter. I thought about writing a note to update you but I honestly did not know when I would be able to get back to my writing. I usually take about 2-3 weeks to write a chapter and I hope to get back to my regular writing schedule.
Thank you so very much for your interest in the story. Your lovely reviews were balm for my soul. I hope you like this chapter and that it makes up for the weeks of absence. Quite a few things have been set in motion:)
Please,please review and let me know your thoughts.
Hugs and love,
SQ
