I don't own Trixie Belden and Co. Again,I'm just borrowing them.
 Here is the sequel to "Sinister." I would advise reading that story first,as you will likely be lost otherwise. Please enjoy:-)
WICKED
CHAPTER ONE:
Honey Wheeler stepped off the ferry and took a breath. Cobbett's Island was lovely,and cold. Wind whipped across the small harbor,blowing the ends of her tawny hair around her face. A hand touched her shoulder,and she looked up at Brian Belden,her boyfriend. He smiled at her,but it seemed forced. She knew why. They weren't here for a vacation.
"We better go grab our luggage," he said,and took her hand,giving it a tight squeeze. Behind them,she could hear the other members of their little group:Jim Frayne and his wife Trixie,Brian's younger sister;Brian's youngest brother,Bobby;and their friend,Dan Mangan. They headed into the station building,and Honey noticed several people giving them odd looks as they walked in. She shivered and Brian squeezed her hand tight.
"Luggage'll be outside," the man at the counter told them. He looked Honey over,his eyes narrowing just a titch. "You look familiar," he said.
"I've never been here," she said.
"Come on." Brian turned,leading her away from the desk. The others followed,and she could hear Trixie muttering to Jim. The wind had picked up,and Brian put his arms around her,holding her tight against him as it buffeted his back.
"Friendly,aren't they?" Bobby asked,glancing at the people standing over by the ferry.
"Dad said to watch out for them," Brian said.
"We just need to find the book Moore wrote and get out of here," Dan said. His voice was taut. "I don't think we should stay any longer than necessary."
"Yeah,I agree with that," Jim said,nodding.
The ferry workers soon had the luggage unloaded,and they grabbed what was theirs. "The car rental place is just over there," Brian said,pointing up ahead. As they started toward the low,square building,he held Honey back. "Don't worry,sweetheart. If we don't find anything here,we'll keep looking," he said. His deep voice was low and soft,and she nodded.
"I know," she said. He smiled and kissed the top of her head,and they followed after the others. There were only two cars parked outside the building;neither was new,and neither was very big. It was quiet inside the rental place;the receptionist,a young woman with short choppy blonde hair,glanced up at them for a moment and then went back to reading her novel.
"We're here to pick up our car," Jim said. He set his hands on the top of the high counter.
She looked up at him. "Name."
"It's under Frayne," he said.
She sighed and handed him a piece of paper. "Sign."
He signed it and handed it back to her. She held up a pair of keys. Jim took them. "Thanks," he said. She gave no notice that she'd heard him. He turned and rolled his eyes. "Come on,gang," he said and headed for the door.
"Nice manners," Trixie said,her voice loud.
Bobby laughed. "No manners are more like it."
Honey glanced over her shoulder and saw the woman watching them,an icy look in her eyes. "Um,guys,I don't think we should antagonize the islanders. We know they don't like outsiders," she said as they went outside.
"She didn't look that scary," Trixie said,shrugging. "Which one is ours?"
Jim hit the key fob. Neither of the cars made noise. He sighed and stuck the key into the lock on the white one. "Not this one." He moved to the green one;this time the lock turned and he unlocked all the doors.
"An SUV would've been nice," Bobby lamented as they got in,holding the bags that hadn't fit in the truck on their laps.
"I think this is all they have," Jim said. He got behind the wheel and started the car. It coughed and wheezed.
"Let's just get there," Dan said. He tried to squirm around a little,but with six of them in the car,he was wedged into the backseat with Honey and Brian.
Jim put the car into gear and pulled out of the parking lot. "Which way,Trix?"
"Um,to the left," she said. "The Moorings is on the ocean."
"It sounds nice," Honey said. She was trying to be upbeat about this whole thing,but deep down she was nervous and afraid.
Brian gave her a knee a squeeze. "It's not far from here. The island is pretty small."
They were quiet as Jim drove after that. The scenery would've been pretty in the summer,Honey supposed,but now it was just bleak and dreary,and cold. The wind rocked the little car,and she was glad to be packed into it between Brian and Dan. She still wasn't sure she trusted Dan,not after what had happened just a day or so ago,but she trusted Brian and the others,and at least Dan had been willing to come to the island with them.
"There it is," Trixie said about ten minutes later. Honey bent down,trying to see out the front windshield,but ended up having to wait until Jim had parked in the circle drive before she could get a good look at it. They got out and she couldn't help but be impressed by the huge monstrosity that sat overlooking the ocean on a bluff.
"Wow," Bobby breathed. "What a house."
"Don't get too excited," Jim said,shaking his head. "Find the book,get off the island. That's the plan."
"Yeah,I know,but still," Bobby said. He opened the trunk and started pulling luggage out. "I didn't know it was so huge."
Brian shouldered his and Honey's bags and nodded toward the house. "Trix,you have the key,right?"
"I do." She nodded and moved toward the side door. The wind came up and the whole house seemed to groan. "Has plenty of character," she said over her shoulder as she put the key in the door and pushed. "It's stuck."
"Here." Jim stepped up and put his shoulder into it. It gave with a sighing grate,and he went in. "Watch your step. It's dark."
The hallway led into the kitchen,which was large with a long bar that ran down the center of it. Pots of all sizes hung above it. A large window over the double sink let light in,and Honey saw it faced out over the ocean. It was cold inside,and she shuddered,feeling Brian squeeze her shoulder.
"We should find rooms and unpack,and get the heat on," he said.
"I thought the caretaker was supposed to have done that already," Trixie said,adding,"Sure doesn't feel like it though."
"Brian's right. Rooms first," Jim said,and led the way out of the kitchen. They passed a large living room,and another large room that looked like a study. Several of the doors off the main hallway were shut,and Honey shuddered as they passed them. They came to a stairwell and Jim started up,cursing under his breath when his foot broke through one of them. "Watch the steps," he called back over his shoulder.
The stairs were narrow and quite steep. There were three floors,and they found bedrooms on the second,but only two. "Dan and I can take these," Bobby said. He stepped into one of them and set his bag down.
"Works for me," Dan said,going into the other one.
"All right,we'll take the top floor," Jim said and they started up the next flight. Honey couldn't fight off the sensation that something was watching them,but she didn't say anything to the others. The house was old,and they already knew there to be something supernatural about the place,considering that Silas Moore,the head of the Conjurers,had once lived here.
"Two rooms up here,too," Jim said,and looked at Brian.
"Then you and Trix take one and Honey and I will take the other," he said. His voice was firm. When Jim's eyes narrowed,just a little,he sighed. "We're adults,Frayne," he said.
"Yeah,I know." Jim turned away. "Which one you want,babe?"
"This one." Trixie walked into the one closest to the stairs,and Jim followed.
"Come on,sweetheart." Brian led Honey into the other one,and her stomach tingled at the sight of the one bed. Brian set their bags down and turned to her,a grin on his face. "Gee,guess we'll have to bunk in together," he said. There was a teasing lilt to his voice,and she couldn't help but giggle a little.
"Can I trust you?" she asked,giving him what she hoped was a coy look.
His dark eyes glinted and he reached for her. She gasped when he spun her and threw her down on the bed,throwing himself down beside her. He leaned over her and kissed her,his hands framing her face. She put her own hands up around his neck,holding him to her,needing his warmth. They kissed for several more moments,and then he eased away,watching her,those dark eyes of his shining with emotion. "Maybe the question is," he said,his voice husky,"is whether or not I can trust you."
She flashed a smile at him and pushed herself up. Something caught at the corner of her left eye,and she glanced that way. "Brian…" His name tumbled from her lips as the dark shadows gathered in the corner of the room.
"What?" He looked toward the corner and then back at her. "What is it?"
The shadows shifted,grew into a black mass,and then dissipated. She blinked twice and let out the breath she'd been holding. "It's nothing," she said,giving a shake of her head.
His eyes sparked a little. "It's not nothing,sweetheart,if it frightened you." His voice was firm. "Did you see something?"
"I did,but they're gone now."
"They?"
She met his eyes,seeing his growing concern. "Shadows. They were shifting,and they got really big,but now they're gone." She shivered,and he pulled her against his chest,hugging her close. "I'm okay."
He stroked a hand down her back,his touch warm and soothing,and inner sunshine flooded through her. "I'll do my best not to let anything hurt you. You know that,right?"
"I do," she said,nodding her head against his solid chest. "I've felt like we're being watched. Have you felt anything like that?" She pulled back so she could see his face.
"No,but that doesn't mean there's not something here," he said. "We can ask Trixie – she might've felt something too." He got off the bed and held his hand out to her. "Come on. We need to get the heat going,and find something to eat." She took his hand and followed him from the room,telling herself that everything was just fine. They were going to find the book and get out before anything bad happened.
Everyone else was downstairs in the living room,talking in quiet tones. Jim turned to them when they came in. "You guys get settled?" he asked,his green eyes flinty as he looked at Brian.
"We're settled,but Honey saw some odd shadows in the room," Brian told him. The others turned to them too,and Dan frowned.
"Odd shadows? Odd as in how?" he asked,his eyes on Honey.
She bit her lip. "They were shifting,moving,and they got really big,kind of like a mountain of dark," she said. She shrugged. "I know it sounds silly,but that's what I saw."
"Did they do anything?" Bobby asked.
"No,they dissipated after a few moments," she said. "Trix,have you felt like anyone has been watching you?"
Trixie considered the question. "No,but I haven't really tuned into the place yet,you know? We were just talking about the best way to find the book."
"I think the best way is to split up into pairs," Bobby said. He flashed a grin at Honey. "What do you say,honeybee,me and you?"
"No," Brian said,shaking his dark head. He looked at Jim. "I'm not sure splitting up is the best way to do this."
"The quickest,though," Dan pointed out. He leaned back against a flower-patterned couch. "We all agreed to get this done as fast as possible."
The wind came up against the house,hitting it hard,and the old structure moaned and creaked. Honey jumped and pressed close to Brian,and he dropped his arm around her shoulders,holding her close to his side. "Again,I don't think splitting up is the best idea."
"I think we need to get the heat going,get some food,and get some sleep," Trixie said. She eyed the rest of them. "What do you think?"
"I agree," Jim said. "Brian and I will see if we can get the furnace going. Trix and Dan,see what you can find to eat. The caretaker was supposed to have the place stocked for us." He turned his attention to Honey. "Hon,I want you to relax. It's been a long day for all of us,but whatever is here is bothering you. Just sit and take some time to try and let down." His gaze went to Bobby. "Stay with her,watch out for her."
"You got it." Bobby turned and reached out to take Honey's hand,giving it a squeeze. "Come on. Let's go see what's on TV." He gave her hand a gentle tug.
"Go on," Brian said,nodding. "We'll be back soon."
"Okay." Honey let Bobby lead her over to the TV while the others left the sprawling room.
"Let's see." Bobby turned the TV on and frowned,then murmured,"Oh,yeah."
"What is it?"
"Looks like they've got pretty much every channel we need," he told her,smiling. "Come on." They sat down on the largest of the floral couches,and he started channel surfing. Honey ignored the images flashing by on the screen and looked out toward the ocean. The outer wall of the room was nothing but big windows,and she could see for miles. Wind gusted up against them,whistling and rattling,and she jumped.
"Hey,it's all right," Bobby said,glancing at her. "What do you want to watch?"
"You can decide."
"Well,no complaining then." He chuckled and she saw that he had settled on a reality show about survival. She frowned. "Ah come on,this show is great. The guy can survive anywhere."
She didn't know if she believed that,but she didn't want to argue. In fact,she really didn't want to do much of anything but get off the island. The house groaned and creaked,and the windows shook,and the whole place just creeped her out. She put her head back against the couch. She was safe right here,and she knew that. Bobby wouldn't let anything hurt her,and the others were all in the house,not that far away.
"You feel okay?" Bobby asked.
She turned her attention to him,and saw that he had paused the TV and was watching her. "I just hope we find the book," she said,her voice low. "We're not welcome here. I can feel it."
He nodded. "I know. But we're not exactly helpless,right? I mean,we're Conjurers." His voice was firm. "Don't worry. Everything will be okay."
"Thanks," she said. He nodded and let the TV play,and she tried to pay attention to what the man was doing. But her mind kept wandering,and she finally got up and walked over to the windows. The waves were frothing,monstrous things,and drove shivers all up and down her spine. She wished Brian were standing here next to her.
There was a loud crash,and the lights all went out. She turned away from the windows. "Bobby?"
"It's okay. I'm right here," he said,his voice quiet. "The wind probably knocked down a line." He got up and moved to her side,reaching out to touch her arm.
"Honey?" Brian's voice echoed in the big room.
"I'm okay," she called out.
He made his way over to them,and she was glad when he was standing next to her again. "We think the wind knocked out a transformer or something," he said. His voice was low,and he put his hand on her shoulder.
"Yeah,that's what I figured too," Bobby said. "Did you find the furnace?"
"We did,but with the power out,it doesn't matter." Brian sighed. "Same thing with the food – plenty of it,but no power."
"Everyone all right?" Jim's voice cut through the room,and they called back their assents. "This isn't quite how I imagined this going," Jim said as he made his way over to them.
"No,me either," Brian said,irritation in his voice. "But at least we're inside."
There was a crash from somewhere above them,and Honey pushed into Brian. He put his arm around her,and rubbed her back. "It's okay," he murmured,and said out loud,"That didn't sound good."
"No. You two stay here. Bobby,let's go see what happened," Jim said.
A low keening sound filled the room,and Honey saw a glowing orb drift into the room. It hesitated,and then drifted toward them. It was a soft pale blue color,but as it got closer,it began to glow red. "Brian," she murmured,and pointed. "Do you guys see that?"
"See what,sweetheart?" Brian asked.
"I don't see anything," Bobby said.
"Me either," Jim told her.
The orb rushed at them,and she let out a gasp as it paused in the air in front of her face. She reached out to touch it,and jerked when searing heat engulfed her whole body. "Honey?" Brian's worried voice washed over her,and a wave of cool rolled through her body at his touch on her cheek. "Sweetie,what is it?"
"An orb," she whispered. "It's right here,right in front of me." It was shimmering,and she wanted to touch it again but knew better. "I'm not sure why it's here."
"Aren't orbs usually spirits?" Bobby asked. "Like your lights,right? Weren't they spirits?"
"I honestly don't know what my lights are," Honey said,her voice low. "And this doesn't behave like my lights."
"Is it trying to hurt you?" There was a slight growl in Brian's voice.
"No. I'm not sure what it's doing." The orb drifted away,and headed toward the wall of windows. She turned,following it with her eyes. It hovered by the windows,and then turned and raced out of the room. She took a breath and let it out slowly,feeling all at once exhausted. Reaching out,she took hold of Brian's arm,and he put his hand at her waist.
"You okay? Did it do something to you?" he asked.
"No,it left the room," she said. "I'm just really tired." She had to stifle a yawn,and saw Brian exchange a worried look with Jim and Bobby.
"I think you need to lie down," Brian said,and started to lead her over to one of the couches.
"Anyone hear that crash upstairs?" Dan and Trixie came into the room just as the power came back on. The TV set was blaring,and Bobby hurried to turn it down.
"We did," Jim said,nodding. "But there was an orb in here,and it was interacting with Honey."
"An orb." Dan shook his head. "We knew there were probably going to be supernatural activities here."
"We did," Jim said. "Let's go get the furnace on,and the food going."
Trixie came over and sat down beside Honey,who was trying to wake herself up. She hadn't felt sleepy until the orb had left the room,and it frightened her that she might have some connection to it. Her own lights,orbs,whatever they were,were one thing. She didn't want other orbs hanging around her.
"You okay?" Trix asked. "You look exhausted."
"I feel okay,but there was something about that orb," Honey said. She sighed. "I wish you guys could see it,too."
"Me too," Trixie told her. "I need to go back to the kitchen and get some food out. You wanna come?"
"She should probably stay here," Brian said from her other side.
Honey shook her head and looked at him. "I'm okay,sweetie,and I could use a distraction."
"You sure?" He reached out and touched her cheek.
"I'm sure." She leaned over and kissed his cheek.
"Okay. I'll go with Jim and get the furnace going." Brian got to his feet.
"We'll go see what that crash was," Dan said,gesturing to himself and Bobby.
They split up and went separate ways,and Honey was glad to be in the kitchen. Trixie kept her busy giggling with stories about awkward cases she'd solved over the last couple of years,and soon she'd forgotten about the shadows and the orb. They made sandwiches and soup,and when Bobby and Dan made their way back to the kitchen,they found the two women relaxing with cups of coffee.
"Find out what the crash was?" Trixie asked while Honey got coffee for them.
"No,didn't see anything out of place. Although,to be fair,we're not sure what kind of shape things were in before we got here," Dan said,shrugging. He sat down on one of the stools at the bar. "Thanks for getting food and coffee together."
"No problem," Honey said,handing Bobby a mug. He grinned at her and she smiled back. They'd had a rocky start,when he hadn't believed she could do them much good in their fight against Edward Creech and his group,but now she knew he'd have her back no matter what.
"Thanks,honeybee," he said. "So,we start looking for the book tomorrow then?"
"Sounds like a plan to me," Dan said. "The sooner we find it,the better."
"You just wanna get back to Hallie," Bobby said,laughing.
"Maybe," Dan said,a smirk on his face. "You have to get back to work,too,right?"
"Yeah,when I get there,I get there." Bobby dropped his gaze to his plate.
"Everything okay in Chicago?" Trixie asked.
"Yeah,fine," Bobby muttered. Trixie opened her mouth to say something else,but Jim and Brian walked in,and Bobby said,"What the hell happened to you two?"
Jim sighed. "Let's just say the furnace hasn't been used in a long time." Both men were covered in grime and soot. Honey smiled and made her way over to Brian.
She grabbed a towel and used it to wipe away the dirt on his face,and he smiled and leaned down to kiss her. "Thanks,sweetie," he said. "Food looks good."
"Better than that damned furnace," Jim growled and swiped the towel from Honey to wipe his own face.
"Here,eat. You'll feel better," Trixie said,sliding a plate to him. He nodded and sat down next to Dan at the bar. "At least we got it running. Now hopefully the pipes aren't all backed up."
There was a loud groaning noise,and they all turned to stare at the register in the floor. Black smoke wafted up from it,and there was a screeching sound. Jim muttered to himself and got up,walking over to it. Putting his hand down to the floor,he said,"Well,at least there's some heat coming up."
"And smoke," Bobby said,shaking his head. "We don't want to burn the joint down."
"We won't," Brian said. "They rent this place out,so it has to be up to code."
"Always got an answer,don't you?" Bobby said.
Brian sighed. "I just know things."
Bobby turned his head to look at him. "You know everything."
"Don't start," Trixie warned,shaking her head. "We're here to help Honey,remember? Not fight."
Honey fidgeted,glancing back and forth between the two brothers. Trixie had told her there was some bad blood between them,but she hadn't given any reasons,and Honey wondered what had happened.
"I think we're good to go," Jim said,walking back over to the bar. He sat down and started eating. Trixie threw looks at her two brothers and sat down across from him. It was quiet then,everyone either eating or drinking.
Honey sipped her coffee,her mind turning to the reason they were here. If they could find the book Silas Moore,the "Silent Saint," had written,would it have a way to rid her of the darkness that hid inside her? I hope so,because I don't like the alternative. While she'd been willing to lay down her life to save the world,and especially Brian and her friends,she really didn't want to have to do that. She wanted to live a normal life,as normal as a Conjurer could have,anyway.
"You okay?" Brian whispered,leaning close to her.
"Yeah," she whispered back.
"Liar." He kissed her cheek. "We'll find the book,if it's here."
"I know." And she did know that. She just hoped that the book was indeed here,at the Moorings,and that it would have the information they needed.

I don't own Trixie Belden and Co. This story is purely to amuse myself,because there aren't very many good Honey/Brian stories out there. 
Thank you to anyone who started this story - I hope you find it entertaining and well-written. 
WICKED
CHAPTER TWO:
Honey finished brushing her teeth and stepped out of the bathroom,shivering as cold air raced around her bare legs. She'd changed into a T shirt and boy shorts,and now wished she'd brought her yoga pants with her instead. Though the furnace was still kicking out heat,most of the registers were downstairs,leaving the upper floors chilly. She heard Bobby talking on the phone as she passed his room on her way back upstairs – there was no bathroom on the third floor. She wondered again why he and Brian didn't get along.
Trixie was giggling as she passed hers and Jim's room on her way to the one she was sharing with Brian,and she smiled,glad that they had come along for this adventure. Well,adventure might not be the right word – they were trying to rid her of the darkness that Peter Belden and Edward Creech believed lie dormant inside her.
As she reached her bedroom,she stopped just shy of reaching to turn the door knob. Brian was already in there,possibly sleeping. No, she thought,not sleeping. He'd want to make sure I was okay before letting himself rest. It was the kind of guy he was,and she liked him for it. Okay,maybe like wasn't strong enough. It was possible,she knew,that she was falling in love with him. Okay,fine,I am in love with him. That was a frightening thought,though,because the last guy she'd fallen so fast and hard for had done quite the number on her.
The door opened and she stepped back in surprise. "Hey," Brian said,smiling. "You okay? I was coming down to check on you. Old scary house and all that." There was some humor in his voice,but then he added,the humor gone,"I really was worried."
She tried to smile. "I'm okay," she said.
He frowned and took her hand,tugging her into the room. He shut the door and led her over to the bed,where they both sat. "You don't have to lie to me,you know," he chided. "I can see through that. It's okay to be afraid,sweetheart." His voice was low and deep,and the concern in it washed over her and comforted her. "I want you to be honest with me."
"I know. And I'm sorry. I'm just used to having to be okay for everyone," she whispered. "My friends,parents,even my governess."
He took her hand and rubbed it between his. "You don't have to do that for me. I don't expect you to be okay all the time,especially not in this situation. It's scary. It's all right to be afraid. But you also have to realize that we're in this together,and no matter what,we're going to find out how to fight off the darkness." The conviction in his voice mingled with his feelings for her,and she put her head on his strong shoulder.
The wind outside had died down some,but lightning flashed out over the ocean,and she hoped she'd be able to sleep. When she yawned,Brian smiled. "Come on. You're exhausted." He got up and perused the room. "Which side do you want? The ocean or the closet?"
She considered. Neither made her feel safe,exactly. She'd watched too many horror movies in junior high for closets to make her feel comfortable,and the idea of the roaring ocean being just on the other side of the wall wasn't reassuring,either. The way the house was situated meant that their bedroom was closest to the bluff the house sat on.
"I won't let any monsters hurt you," Brian said,a gentle teasing in his voice,and she bit her lip and smiled at him,blushing. He grinned and kissed the top of her head. "How about if I take the closet? The ocean is further away."
"Okay," she said,nodding. They got into bed,and he cuddled up behind her after turning the lamp next to the bed off. He wrapped his right arm around her waist and snugged her in close to his broad chest,and she relaxed against him. He was so warm and strong,and she closed her eyes,trusting him to be honorable. His breathing evened out,and she was drifting off,too,already falling into a dream,sinking into it like sliding beneath the waves of the ocean.
She wasn't sure how long she slept,only that she awoke with a jolt. Brian was rolled over the other way,one arm thrown out above his head,the blankets pushed down to his waist. She sat up,heart pounding. Their door was open. I'm sure he closed it,didn't he,before we got into bed? As she stared at it,something moved across it,and she sucked in a hard breath. Had her overactive imagination put something there? Or had something actually moved across? She got out of bed and tiptoed toward the open door.
There was nothing in the hall. She stepped out,pulse racing. The hairs on the back of her neck stood to attention,and she looked to the left. There was a woman standing there. She was turned away from Honey. She wore an elegant blue dress,one that even in the dim light Honey could tell had been expensive at one time. Before she could say anything,the woman started walking away. Honey took a deep breath. She could wake Brian,but chances were,if this was a spirit,he wouldn't be able to see her anyway. And she needed to be tougher,be less afraid.
She followed the woman down the hall. There was a door at the end and the woman walked through it. Honey took several breaths and opened the door. There was a short flight of narrow stairs,and she went up them. They ended in a small room. There was a vanity with the mirror covered. The woman moved to the other end of the room,and Honey saw a door leading outside. She steeled herself. She could do this. She went to the door and opened it,finding that it led out to a narrow catwalk that jutted out over the ocean. Honey gasped and took a step back. Lightning flashed in through the open door. Thunder pounded overhead.
The woman was on the catwalk. She turned her head,and Honey took another step back. Her eyes were vacant holes. She raised her left hand,and made a "follow me" gesture. Honey's heart beat wild in her chest,and she found herself taking a step toward the woman. And then another. And as she passed through the door,the woman kept beckoning to her,and she moved closer,until she was standing at the rail.
This is insane. Why am I out here? What if I fall? Brian's not here. No one is. I should go back inside. But even as those thoughts rolled through her mind,she couldn't physically act on them. Brian! Help me! Her mouth refused to form the words,and the woman put a hand on her back. Honey shuddered,the chill sending a violent spasm through her whole body.
And then the spirit pushed. Honey fell forward over the rickety handrail,hands flailing as she tried to grab hold to keep from falling. "Brian!" His name tore from her throat even as her hands slipped and she started to fall.
"Honey!"
And Brian was grabbing her around the waist,hauling her backward to safety. She gasped and choked,her body jerking crazy in his arms. "Honey,shh,baby,I've got you," he said as he scooped her up his arms and turned toward the house. Once they were inside,he kicked the door shut with his foot and went down the short flight of stairs.
"What's going on?" Jim was racing toward them,Trixie at his heels.
"I'm not sure," Brian said. He went into their bedroom and set Honey down. "Sweetheart,are you okay? Honey? Can you hear me?" Worry filled his voice,and he tipped her chin up so he could see her eyes. "Madeleine."
Honey sucked in a couple more sharp breaths and met his eyes. "Brian," she whispered,and that was all he needed. He hugged her hard,and warmth flooded through her body,chasing out the chills. She sagged against him,letting him use his empath powers to soothe and comfort her. He murmured words to her that she couldn't decipher,because she was in shock. Why had she gone outside? Why hadn't she been able to move,to scream for help?
"What happened?" Jim asked,his voice quiet. "Hon?"
She pulled back a little from Brian,and he let her,but not much. "I-I don't really know," she whispered. "T-there was a woman,out in the hall. I followed her,upstairs. There's a catwalk." Her body twitched with shudders,and Brian sent calming waves of warmth through her again. "She,she pushed me. I almost fell." Tears burned at the corners of her eyes,and she turned her face into Brian's chest. He murmured a few more words she couldn't catch.
"Damn," Jim said.
"Yeah," Brian said,his voice dark with anger. "I knew there was going to be bad things here,but I didn't know a spirit was going to do this." He rubbed a hand up and down her back. "Just breathe,sweetheart. It's okay now. You're okay."
Honey did as he said,and finally,she started to relax against him. He was right:she was safe now. He had saved her. She eased back and looked up at him. "Thank you," she whispered,and couldn't stop the tears that trailed down her cheeks.
He used his right thumb to brush them away. "You're welcome," he whispered. Behind her,she heard their door close. "I woke up,and you were gone." He huffed out a breath. "And then I found you,and you were about to fall." She saw a shimmer in his eyes. "Damn it,sweetheart. You were going to fall." And then he kissed her,hard,and she wrapped her arms around his neck,just trying to hang on while his emotions took him over.
After several moments,he eased his mouth away and kissed her cheeks and her forehead. "I'm sorry I scared you," she said. "I didn't want to wake you – I didn't think you'd be able to see her. And then when she went out on the catwalk,I couldn't stop myself from following her." Fear touched her again with the admission,and she shuddered. Brian hugged her to him.
"Next time,you wake me up," he told her.
"I hope there isn't a next time."
He touched his forehead to hers. "Me too,but we need to be prepared in case there is. I don't want to be too overprotective,but I'm not going to let you get hurt,either." There was steel in his voice.
"I'm okay with you being protective," she whispered. He smiled and let go of her.
"We need to get some more sleep. Are you okay in here,or would you rather go down to the living room? Or switch rooms with Bobby or Dan?"
"No,I'm okay here,as long as you're here,too," she said. He nodded.
"If she comes back,wake me up," he said. They got back into bed,and Brian shut the light off before pulling her into his arms. He kissed the back of her neck. "I'm serious,sweetie – if she comes back,don't go anywhere alone."
"I won't,trust me. Almost falling off the catwalk once is enough for me." She tried to be funny,but it was still too close to the incident,and her voice shook.
"Hey." Brian sat up and cradled her face in his big hands. A touch of moonlight filtered in,highlighting his dark eyes. "I promise to take care of you,Honey."
"I trust you," she whispered,and pressed her lips to his. This kiss wasn't demanding or hard;it was soft and gentle,and the exact thing she needed to remind herself that she was safe,that even if the spirit came back,or came after her,that he would be there to protect her,if she needed it. She wanted to be strong,to get over this,and knew she would. She'd already proven she was tough.
The next morning sun shone through the window in their room,and she realized Brian wasn't there. Stretching,she threw the blankets back and got up. There was a knock at the door,and Trixie stuck her head in. "Hey," she said and stepped in. She was holding a steaming cup of coffee. "I put in sugar and creamer," she said,smiling as she sat on the bed and handed it to Honey.
"Thank you," Honey said,and sipped. She sat down next to Trixie. "Where is everyone else?"
"In the kitchen. Brian told us what happened last night," Trixie said,her voice low. She gave Honey's forearm a squeeze. "Are you okay? Really?"
"I think so. I was really hoping it was just a bad dream," Honeys said.
"I don't think so. Brian was breathing fire when he told us about it." Trixie giggled. "It's nice to see my eldest brother get so worked up. He's usually so calm and sensible."
"I think being calm and sensible are good things," Honey said.
Trixie grinned. "I'm glad. He really,really likes you. I can tell."
"I really,really like him,too."
"Good." Trixie smiled,but it soon faded away. "So,Jim thinks we should search the house today,see if we can find the book. Brian's worried about the spirit,and he thinks maybe you and him should go to the library here and see if they have any other info on the history of the Moorings."
"He wants to know who she is," Honey guessed.
"Yeah. We all do,since she's so hostile." Trixie frowned. "Do you think she was the orb you saw yesterday?"
"I'm not sure. I don't know much about supernatural beings. I just recently found out I was one," Honey said,nudging Trixie's arm.
Trixie flashed a grin and gave her a one-armed hug. "You're in good company,sweetie." She got up. "You should shower and get dressed. I know the guys are anxious to get moving."
"Brian could've woken me up," Honey said,getting up and going over to her suitcase.
"He wanted you to rest,and he figured the spirit wouldn't bother you in the daylight."
Honey turned her head,giving Trixie a look. Trixie laughed. "Yeah,I know. I asked him if he got that knowledge from a horror movie. He just growled at me."
Honey laughed. "Okay,okay. I'll hurry." The two women walked down to the second floor together,and Trixie left Honey at the bathroom. The water was hot,and soon she was drying off and dressing. She pulled her long honey-blonde hair back into a ponytail and ran her pajamas back upstairs. Brian was in the room,and he grinned when she came in.
"Good morning,sweetheart," he said,giving her a hug. "Everything okay?"
"Everything's good," she said,nodding. "Trix told me you want to go to the library today."
"I do." A serious expression settled across his handsome face. "I want to know that spirit's story." He ran his hands up and down her back,and she shivered and stepped closer to him. "You sure you're all right?"
"I am," she said,nodding. "But it was scary."
"I know." He kissed her forehead. "Come on. You should eat something,and then we'll go to the library. The others are going to start searching the house for the book." They went downstairs,and when they went into the kitchen,Bobby got up from his stool and came over to pull her into a tight hug.
"Glad to see you're okay," he said,his voice lined with concern. "Sorry you had to go through that."
"Thanks,but I really am okay now," she told him. He nodded and pulled out the stool next to his for her.
"Toast?" Jim asked,turning to her. She saw the flickers of concern in his eyes,mingled with a reprimand. She nodded and sat down next to Bobby. Dan slid over a jar of blackberry jam.
"Thanks," she said,and he nodded.
"Why did you go follow her?" he asked. Brian opened his mouth,but Honey motioned to him that it was okay.
"To be honest,I'm not sure. I'm not really that brave of a person," she said,shrugging. "And then when she went out on the catwalk,I couldn't stop myself from following." And that made shivers go all through her body again. "I wasn't in control."
Dan frowned. "I don't like the sound of that." He eyed her,and she didn't like what she saw there. "If you can't control your actions,maybe you shouldn't be here."
Honey inhaled quietly at his sharp words,and Brian moved to stand next to her,one hand coming up to rest on her shoulder. "That's enough," he said,his voice hard. "What happened wasn't her fault. We all know the supernatural world is difficult to navigate,to understand."
"We do," Jim said,backing him up. He set a piece of toast down in front of Honey. "Eat,Hon,and then we'll split up and get started."
She put jam on the toast and ate. Brian stayed at her side,rubbing circles up and down her back,and she was glad to have him right there. What if Dan was right,that her being unable to control her actions meant she shouldn't be here with them?
"Honey and I are going to the library," Brian said once she had finished.
"The rest of us will look for the book," Jim told him.
Brian nodded and he and Honey went to the mudroom to put their shoes and coats on. Before they left,Jim stepped out into the room and gave her a hug. "Don't worry about what Dan said," he told her. "And be careful out there."
"We will." Brian opened the door and ushered her out to the beat-up car. Once they got going,he reached over and touched her cheek. "Jim's right – don't worry about Dan. You being here is not a problem."
"I know." But it still hurt,and she turned her head to look out the window as he drove back toward the small town. It was cold again today,and the wind gusted every now and then. The ocean was dark grey,gulls swooping down over the swells on the hunt for food. The library building was small and sturdy,like much of the islander buildings,and they parked and got out. Brian came around to take her hand,giving it a squeeze.
They walked in and the woman at the desk blinked at them. Brian gave her a charming smile,and she scowled. "Yes?"
"We're looking for information on the Moorings," he said. His voice was low and quiet,disarming. Honey waited at his side,trying not to fidget.
The woman's scowl deepened. "Why?"
"We're renting the place right now,and had an interesting encounter with a spirit," he said.
She eyed him,and then looked at Honey. "You look familiar," she said.
Honey shook her head. "I've never been here before," she said.
"Would you show us what you have on the Moorings?" Brian asked.
The woman continued to study Honey. "I know I've seen you before," she said. She leaned closer,and then her face darkened. "You shouldn't be staying at that house," she murmured. "You shouldn't even be on this island."
Confusion darted through Honey,and she said,"Like I said,I've never been here before."
"About the Moorings," Brian said,his voice more forceful. "Do you have anything about it?"
"All you need to know is it's haunted,and that she shouldn't be there," the woman said. Her voice was hard,and there was a glint of malice in her eyes. She started to turn away.
Brian sighed and looked down at Honey. "We'll just look around ourselves,then," he said,and started to lead her further into the large room.
"Wait." The woman got up,moving faster than what Honey thought was possible. "I'll show you what you're looking for." She started to walk away,stopped,and looked back at them. "Just remember that you asked for this."
Honey shivered and Brian gave her a hand a reassuring squeeze. The woman led them into a room off the main one,and pulled out a file box. She thrust it at Brian. "Here."
"Thanks," he said as she left the room. "Friendly,huh?" he said,glancing at Honey. She tried to smile. "Come on. Let's see what we can find,and then get out of here." He took the top off the box and pulled out a manila envelope and a file folder. Handing Honey the folder,he opened the envelope and slid out the contents.
Honey opened the folder and sat down at the little table in the room. The first thing in the folder was a picture of the Moorings being constructed. It was about half-way built,with a giant crane holding up huge wooden beams. She studied it for a few seconds more and then set it aside. The next thing in the folder was a picture of a man standing in the doorway of the now-completed house. He was scowling,his expression fierce and tough. She shuddered.
"Do you think this is Silas?"
Brian glanced at the picture. "Yeah. There's one of him in here,too." He showed her the picture he had;Silas was scowling in this one,as well. "Looks like a real peach of a guy,doesn't he?"
"He does," she said,and set her picture down. The next thing was a picture of a beautiful woman standing on the bluff by the house,a wide-brimmed hat on her head. She was smiling,and pretty,but that wasn't what made Honey gasp and grab for Brian's arm.
"What is it?" he asked.
"Look." She held the picture out.
His eyes widened. "Wow. She could be your twin."
"I'm guessing this is why those people thought I looked familiar," she said,her voice soft.
"Who is she?" Brian asked,sitting down at the table. He had to turn the chair so he could stretch his long legs out.
"It says she was a niece to Silas,and lived in the Moorings back in the thirties." Honey studied the back of the photograph. "Oh," she murmured,her hazel eyes widening as she continued to read. "It says that her fiancé was killed during a storm – he was a fisherman,and his boat capsized. They think he drowned." She swallowed hard,and Brian reached out to touch her hand. She set the photo down and picked up a piece of paper that had been paper clipped to it. "This says that she fell into depression,and she jumped from the catwalk one night in September." Her voice grew hushed as she spoke,and she looked up at him. "That had to be her,don't you think?"
He nodded. "I'm assuming so. Did she look like you?" He took the photo from the table. "I can't believe the resemblance."
"I don't know," she said,shaking her head. "She had holes where her eyes should've been – I didn't study her too closely."
"Oh." He frowned and set the photo down. "I'm sorry I wasn't with you,sweetheart." He sifted through the papers and photos in front of him. "Yeah,here's an obituary for her. Her name was—" He stopped and his jaw tightened.
"Brian? What is it? What was her name?" Honey touched his arm.
He took a breath. "They called her Gracie,but her name was Madeleine Grace," he told her. Honey's eyes widened,and a wave of cold washed through her. Her chest was heavy and she had to take a couple of deep breaths. "Hey." Brian shifted over and put his arm around her,hugging her tight to his side. Warmth rolled like a tide through her body,and she relaxed into his hold. "It could just be a really weird coincidence," he said.
"And if it's not? I mean,this is really odd,don't you think? We have the same name? And she tried to push me off the catwalk last night?" Honey couldn't quite tame the edge in her voice. She'd told Brian her middle name earlier in the week,and couldn't believe this woman had had the same name.
"I don't know,sweetie. I do know that we don't need to panic over this. And at least we know who the spirit is,even though I don't know why she wanted to—" He broke off and shook his head,unwilling to voice the rest of his thought. "Let's see if we find anything else,and then get back to the house." He dropped his arm and started going through the rest of the contents of the envelope.
Honey set the picture and note aside and looked through the rest of the file. There wasn't much else to add,and she was disturbed by the woman's name and past. Were they somehow connected? Was that why the woman – Gracie,she thought – wanted to throw me off the catwalk? What would that have accomplished?
Ten minutes later they both decided there was nothing else to learn,and they put the envelope and file back in the box. Brian put the lid on it and they went out into the main room of the library. There was an older man reading a newspaper over in the far corner;he glanced at them and Honey saw his gaze narrow. She ducked her head and hurried to keep up with Brian.
"We're all done," Brian told the woman at the desk.
She looked up,and her gaze skewered Honey. "You found out what you wanted to know,then,didn't you? You look just like her. I'd be careful if I were you. She's a vengeful spirit,that one." Her voice was low and hard. "I'd leave the island,get away from this place."
"Why would the spirit go after Honey?" Brian asked. She was grateful that he used her nickname and not real name. "She's never been here before. She didn't even know the backstory of the house."
The woman snorted. "Look at her. She's the spitting image of Gracie. And my guess is," she leaned closer to them over the desk,"this one has some darkness in her soul,too. They're kindred spirits." She sat back and looked at Honey. "I'd run away from here,if I were you. And if you don't,if you choose to stay,then don't feel sorry for yourself." She pointed at the door. "Best be on your way."
Brian took hold of Honey's hand and led her from the building. They got in the car and he started it,and said,"Don't listen to her. I don't care what she says. You're nothing like Gracie."
"How do you know?" she whispered. "What if she's right? There's dark in her spirit,Brian. I could feel it."
He leaned over and kissed her,his mouth gentle on hers. "No. I don't believe you're anything like her." He put the car in drive. "And I'll prove it to you,sweetheart."
Honey leaned back against the seat as he drove them back to the Moorings,her head spinning and her heart sick. She hoped he was right – she needed him to be right.

I don't own Trixie Belden and Co. I'm just having some fun with her cute older brother and his girlfriend.
Thank you to Bubblegum Duchess for her very sweet review. I'm glad you're enjoying the story - I am having a blast writing it. 
WICKED
CHAPTER THREE:
When they got back to the Moorings,the place was quiet. Even the wind had died down,leaving Honey with an eerie feeling as they checked the main floor. "Do you think they're in the basement?" she asked.
"I would guess so," Brian said. "Come on." He led the way to the door that opened up to reveal a long,narrow set of stairs. "Be careful." He took her hand and guided her down. Once they reached the bottom,he moved out toward the back of the basement. "Hello," he called out.
"Hey." Dan appeared from the gloom on their left. "Find anything out?" He glanced at Honey,and she wondered if he'd ever be able to look at her without suspicion. After all,he'd agreed to come along and help.
"We did," Brian said. His tone was even,but Honey knew he wasn't going to give Dan more than that. "Where's everyone else?"
"Bobby and Jim are upstairs,third floor. Trixie is down here somewhere." Dan crossed his arms over his chest. "What did you find?"
"We'll talk about it once we're all together," Brian told him.
Dan's dark eyes sparked. "Don't trust me,or what?"
"When you've earned it,yeah," Brian said. He made to move past Dan,but he shifted over to block him.
"How about you tell me right now?" Dan glanced again at Honey. "If she's got some connection to this house,to that spirit,we all deserve to know." His tone was even too,but Honey suspected it wouldn't be much longer,and she didn't want an altercation between the two of them.
"We did find out some things," she said,her voice quiet. "But it would be easier to tell everyone at once,if that's all right with you." She kept her eyes on his,and Dan finally nodded.
"Trix is down that way," he said,waving his hand. "This place is huge."
"Thanks," Brian said and walked past him. Honey hurried to stay with him.
"I'm sorry he's treating you like this," Brian whispered. "I'd like to teach him some respect." There was a little snarl in his voice that made Honey's heart race.
"You know that would only make things worse," she whispered back,and took his hand. "But thank you. I appreciate the fact you want to do that for me."
He stopped and turned to face her. "I hope you know that you deserve respect,sweetheart. I know what people are saying and believing about you,but they're wrong." He caressed her cheek. "You're amazing,just the way you are." He smiled and added,"Let's find everyone else so we're all on the same page."
They found Trixie in a small backroom,covered in cobwebs and dust. She didn't look super happy. "I haven't found a damn thing," she griped,wiping her hands on her jeans. "Jim and Bobby are upstairs,but so far I don't think any of us have found anything." She ran a hand through her hair to dislodge some cobwebs. "How about you? Find anything interesting?"
"We did," Brian said. "Why don't you get cleaned up and meet us in the living room. We'll go get Jim and Bobby."
"All right." Trix studied Honey. "Something tells me what you found isn't what you were expecting."
"No,it wasn't," Honey agreed. A chill danced down her spine,and instantly her body warmed. She threw a small smile at Brian,grateful for how tuned in he was to her. She suspected she'd need him more than ever while they were trying to make sense of what was happening with her and the spirit.
They all made their way back upstairs,Dan silent and stone-faced,and Brian made coffee while Dan insisted on going to get the other two guys. Honey perched on a stool at the long bar and tried not to feel jumpy,but it was hard. Especially knowing what they did now,that she and the spirit shared the same name. I still don't understand why she wanted to knock me off the catwalk,though. The woman at the library said she's a vengeful spirit,but why against me? Her head ached with the circling thoughts,and she was grateful for the coffee mug Brian set down in front of her.
The others were soon in the kitchen to get coffee,and then they moved to the living room. Brian looked at Honey. "You want to tell them what we found?" His voice was gentle,and she nodded. He sat down and gestured for her to start.
She kept her mug in her hands,the heat soothing her. "Well,for starters,the librarian we talked to was very cool toward us. She said I looked familiar,and she really didn't want to show us anything having to do with the Moorings." She paused to sip from her mug.
"The guy at the ferry place said you looked familiar,too," Bobby said,frowning.
"There's a reason for that," Brian said,nodding to Honey.
She bit her lip. "There is. We found pictures of the Moorings,and of Silas Moore. But we also found information on the spirit. They called her Gracie,but her name was Madeleine Grace." She looked at Jim,and he sat up straight,his eyes wide. "And there's more - she looks exactly like me." A shudder went through her.
"Same name." His voice was low. "And you look alike? That can't be coincidence."
"It can be," Brian said,shaking his head. He kept his dark eyes on Honey. "Why would her parents name her that?"
"Back to the story," Dan said. "What else did you find out about her?"
Honey sat down on the arm of the couch Trixie and Jim were sitting on. "She was Silas's niece. Her fiancé was killed in a storm – he was a fisherman. The notes said she fell into depression,and in September of that same year threw herself off the catwalk." Her voice was hushed;she didn't want to call attention to the spirit.
"She has to be connected to you somehow,don't you think? I mean,same name,they look alike,and she tries to push you off the catwalk after she jumped off it years ago?" Trixie said. "What year was it?"
"The notes said 1938," Honey said. She stared down at her coffee mug. "If we are connected somehow,why would she want to push me,though?" She couldn't bring herself to say the word kill,no more than Brian had been able to say it earlier at the library. "That doesn't make sense,does it?"
"Maybe she had darkness in her,too," Dan said. "And maybe that's what really drove her to jump,not just the death of her fiancé."
"It still doesn't make sense,though," Bobby said. "Honey hasn't done anything to indicate she has darkness in her." He gave her a quick smile,as if trying to reassure her.
"If they're somehow connected,Gracie might know Honey has the darkness," Dan argued. He sat forward in his chair. "I think we need to find the damn book and get out of here,myself."
"I agree," Jim said. "And I also think we need to be very careful,because it sounds like Gracie isn't happy with us being here." He gave Trixie's arm a squeeze. "I don't want any of us alone in the house,just in case."
Honey listened to them talk,her heart beating hard. A cold sensation swept across the back of her neck,and she looked up. An orb,probably the same one as the day before,was drifting around the room,and as she watched it,it changed from a cold blue to a bright fiery red. "Guys?"
"Yeah?" Jim said. "What is it?"
"The orb. It's here. And it's bright red." She got up and turned so she could watch it. As she did,it curved around in its path and flew toward her. She gasped and put her arms up to ward it off. Brian jumped up and moved to shield her. The orb rammed into him,and he cried out.
"Stop,Gracie!" Honey said,her voice rising in anger. The orb raced out of the room,and Honey turned to Brian,who was rubbing at his chest. "She hurt you."
He pulled his henley up,and she saw a raised red welt on his chest. She reached out and touched it,her fingers gentle on his skin. He hissed out a breath,and she looked into his eyes,seeing the growing anger in them. "I'm so sorry," she whispered. "She was trying to get to me."
"It's not your fault," he said,pulling his shirt down and easing her to him in a hug. "And I told you I wasn't going to let her hurt you." His voice was steely. "We need to find the book and get out of here."
"Let's get back to searching," Jim said,getting to his feet. He tugged Trixie up. "And like I said,no one should be alone. She's angry now,and she might go after any one of us."
"She's targeting Honey," Dan said,shaking his head. "I think she knows what Honey is,and she's trying to rid the house of her." He looked at Jim. "I think she should leave. Go back to New York City,or wherever,and let us deal with this."
"No." Brian shook his head. "She's only safe if she's with us."
"You don't know that," Dan shot back. "And by staying here she's only endangering the rest of us." Before Brian could say anything,he added,"You just got hurt trying to protect her."
"Stop it." Trixie held her hands up,and glared at both of the dark-haired men. "Enough is enough. Even if Honey is somehow connected to Gracie,Brian's right. She's safe with us. And we might need her to find the book,too. And she's our friend. She's not going anywhere." There was a defiant tilt to Trix's head that didn't bode well for anyone who thought about arguing with her,and Dan let out a long sigh and turned away.
"Fine. Let's just get this over with." He strode out of the room.
"Why did he come again?" Bobby asked,frowning.
"I'm not sure," Jim said. "Come on. Everyone spread out,in pairs,and look."
The others left the room,and Brian tipped Honey's chin up so he could see her eyes. "Don't worry about me,sweetheart. It doesn't really hurt," he told her. "And don't listen to anything Dan says. I'm still not convinced you're connected to Gracie,and even if you are,that's no excuse for what she's doing to you,to us." He hugged her and she snuggled against his big chest. "Let's go into the attic."
"Up where the catwalk is?" She couldn't help the fear in her voice.
"That might be the best place to look," he said,his voice gentle. He bent his head and kissed her,his mouth warm and soft on hers,and she gave in to her need to be comforted,melting into his arms and letting him support her. Tipping her head,she kissed him deeply,one hand tangling in his thick wavy hair,the other caressing the back of his neck. His arms,like steel,wrapped around her slender frame,holding her tight against him. She hadn't realized she needed this,needed his touch,his warmth,his strength.
"You've got to be kidding me." Dan's cold voice broke like an icy wave over them,and they pulled away,both breathing hard. "We're supposed to be searching for the book,and you're standing there like a couple on the cover of some damn romance novel." There was a snarl to Dan's voice that made Honey's heart pound in anxiety.
Brian looked at Honey and turned to face Dan,his fists clenched at his sides. "What we're doing is none of your business." His voice was cool,but Honey saw the muscles in his jaw jumping.
Dan pointed at Honey as he came closer. "She's putting us all in danger,Belden. That makes what you're doing my business."
"She's not putting anyone in danger," Brian said. "And she's upset and afraid." He reached out and drew Honey to his side. "She needs to be comforted,so lay the hell off." The anger in his voice was a whip,and Dan's dark eyes flashed as he took another step toward them.
"I'm not going to let her put the rest of us in danger," he snapped. "You want to comfort her,then be my guest. But do it off the island."
"We're not leaving." Brian took a step toward him,and Honey knew she had to intervene before it got too serious.
"Dan's right," she said,and both men looked at her. Brian opened his mouth but she waved him off. "No,Brian,he is." She looked at Dan,who stood with his hands on his narrow hips. "There might be,and probably is,a connection between Gracie and myself. And my being here is upsetting her. We all know that. But," and she took a deep breath,"I might be the only one who can help her find some peace,and find the book. And I have to try."
"Who said anything about helping her find peace?" Dan said,shaking his head. "She wants to kill you,sweetie. And even though you and I don't exactly have warm fuzzy feelings for each other,I don't want you to get hurt." His voice softened as he continued. "I think you're a good person,Honey. And I want to help you. But I really think you being here is a detriment to us finding the book. I didn't at first,but now that Gracie is involved,I think you should go." Dan looked at Brian. "Both of you. She needs you to keep her safe. Let us figure out where the book is."
A long breath escaped from Brian's lips. "We can't do that. Not yet,anyway. We haven't even had a chance to look for the book yet."
A smirk passed over Dan's mouth. "That's because you two were making out," he said.
Brian shook his head,but he chuckled. "All right,well,we're ready to look now,right,sweetheart?" He looked down at Honey,and she nodded,even though her pulse was racing. She wasn't sure she really wanted to go poking around the room where the catwalk started.
"Was there anything you needed,Dan?" Honey asked,stalling and knowing she shouldn't.
"Actually,yes." He frowned. "I wondered if any of the information you saw had architecture plans for the house,just so we don't miss anything. A lot of these old mansions have hidden passageways and rooms."
"None that we saw," Brian said. "But since the house is historical,someone must have information on it." He sighed. "I should've thought to ask about it when we were at the library."
"I didn't think about that,either," Honey said. "I did see one picture of it,about half-way through construction,but I couldn't make much out in it."
"That's okay. If we don't find anything on our own,we can think about going back there," Dan said,turning away. "I'm heading back downstairs."
"We're going up to the attic," Brian said.
Dan stopped and half-turned. "You sure that's a good idea,with the catwalk being up there?"
"We'll be fine," Brian said.
"All right." Dan left the room,and Brian and Honey went to the staircase and climbed up. When they reached the third floor,they continued past their bedroom and up the smaller staircase. Brian went in first,and Honey could see he was tense. If anything startled him,he was probably going to swing at it.
"It's okay," he said over his shoulder. She followed him into the small room,and he reached up and pulled on the light cord hanging over their head. They started looking around the room,and Honey moved to the old vanity. She pulled open all the drawers,but there was nothing to be found. Moving on,she noticed a hole in the wall behind the vanity,and stepped around to the side of it. Stretching,she tried to reach it,but couldn't quite get to it. She grabbed hold of the corner of the vanity and started to move it. A mouse darted out from under it,startling her,and she jumped.
"Honey?" Brian was across the small room,looking through a box of odds and ends. "You okay?"
"Mouse," she said,her voice a little high. He smiled at her.
"Need some help moving that?"
"Yes,please." She stepped back and let him drag the heavy piece of furniture out of the way. She slipped past him and moved to the hole,and started to put her hand in.
"Wait." Brian shook his head when she looked over her shoulder at him.
"What?"
"Better let me. I don't want your hand to get hurt."
She frowned a little. "Too overprotective,B," she said.
He flashed a grin. "B,huh? Okay,sweetheart. Go ahead."
She reached in and felt around. Her hand snagged on a nail and she gingerly moved it. She finally conceded there was nothing in it and withdrew her hand. "Nothing," she said,sighing.
"We'll find something. I know we will." He waited for her to move before pushing the vanity back into place. He went back to the box he'd been checking,and Honey put her hands on her slim hips,surveying the rest of the room. It wasn't large,but it was packed with junk. Behind her was the door to the catwalk,and she shivered and moved away from it.
She started moving boxes,going through them one at a time. Most of them contained old magazines that smelled of must and old newspapers that were curling and yellowed. She looked at the dates on them,but none of them went back as far as the thirties. As she went through the last box,she saw a small glint of something metallic,and reached to the very bottom. Her hand closed around something small and hard,and she pulled it out,her eyes widening.
"Brian."
"Yeah?"
She held out the small key to him. He got up from where he'd been sitting on the floor and walked over. "Hey,hey," he said and crouched down next to her. "Nice find,sweetie. Better than anything I've found so far." He took the key and turned it over in his big hands. "I wonder what it goes to."
"Maybe one of Dan's secret doors," she said,half-smiling. "Should we go show it to the others?"
"We should probably finish looking around here first,make sure we didn't miss anything," he said and handed the key back to her. He stood up and went back to where he'd been going through boxes and she pocketed the key and went back to digging through the box.
Ten minutes later,they both conceded that the key was the only useful thing they'd found,and they left the attic and headed down the basement. As they walked down the stairs,there was a crash and they heard Trixie scream.
"Trixie!" Brian jumped down the last three steps and raced off into the blackness. Honey followed,but at a little slower pace,as she didn't trust herself in the dark. There were only so many lights down here,and none were at the bottom of the steps. She followed the sound of running feet,and found everyone in the far back corner of the basement.
Trixie was lying beneath a huge set of metal shelves,her face ashen. Jim and Dan were trying to lift it,and Bobby and Brian were waiting to slide her out from under it. Honey stood off to the side,not wanting to get in anyone's way.
"Count of three," Jim said,his voice tense. He counted off and he and Dan lifted. The metal scraped against the cold cement floor,and Brian and Bobby pulled Trixie free. Brian immediately knelt next to her and Bobby cradled his sister's head in his lap and stroked her fine blonde hair.
"I swear,I didn't even bump it," Trixie said. Her voice was hoarse. "I wasn't really even close to it."
"Just stay still," Brian said and began checking her over. He ran his hands up and down her arms and legs,and she twitched when he got to her left shoulder. His eyes narrowed,he asked,"This hurt?"
"No," she said,but there was a tremor in her voice. Brian scowled at her.
"Liar." He motioned to Jim. "We need to get her upstairs and get her warm." He got to his feet and let Jim move alongside her.
"Easy,love," Jim said as he carefully picked her up. She whimpered a little,and his green eyes flashed fire. "Let's get you upstairs." He walked off toward the stairs,his strides hard.
"Damn it," Dan said under his breath. He looked at Brian. "Happy now?"
"What?" Brian turned to face him,and there was thunder in his face. "Please tell me you don't think this is because of Honey." His voice was soft,belying the anger in it.
"Wait,what?" Bobby frowned and nodded toward Honey. "How is this in any way honeybee's fault?"
"Because Gracie is upset she's here. She's going to try and hurt all of us as long as she is," Dan said. He glared at Brian. "You're just keeping us all in danger,and putting Honey at more risk. You should leave." His voice was hard. He looked at Honey,and she shuddered. "I told you I didn't want you to get hurt,and I meant that. This is for your own good."
"We're not going anywhere," Brian said. He went to Honey and put his arm around her,pulling her in close to his side. "And she found something." He nudged her,and she pulled the small key out of her pocket and held it up.
"A key. What good is that? We don't know what it goes to," Dan said,shrugging.
"Hey,it's full of possibilities," Bobby said. He walked over and Honey handed it to him. He turned it over in his hands. "After all,there might be secret passageways we don't know about," he added,and winked at Honey. She gave him a small smile.
"I'm telling you. This won't end well for any of us if she stays here," Dan said and went to walk by them.
Brian let go of Honey and stepped into his path. "I think you'd better shut up,Mangan."
"Or what?"
"Hey,back it off," Bobby said,and pushed his older brother back. "Dan,none of this is Honey's fault. You don't have any proof of that. We didn't know there'd be a psycho spirit running around the house," he said. His voice was firm. "And we don't know if what happened just now was the spirit,either. So knock it off." He turned and reached out for Honey's hand. "She's going with me for a little while."
Honey bit her lip and looked at Brian,and he nodded,blowing out a deep breath. "Yeah,go on,sweetheart." As Bobby started to lead her past them,he added,"Be careful with her."
Bobby frowned. "Seriously? You need to tell me that?" He shook his head. "I'm hurt. Really. C'mon,honeybee." They left the other two behind,and she hated that they were fighting because of her. After all,Dan was pretty much an honorary Belden,and she didn't like knowing she was causing a rift in their relationship.
When they got to the kitchen,Bobby let go of her hand and said,"I think you need a break,sweetie." He glanced over his shoulder at the big window over the sink. "It looks decent out – why don't we go for a walk down by the water?"
While it would be nice to get out of the house,she knew she should be looking for the book. "I don't know. I don't think that's fair to the others," she said,her voice low. "And what about Trixie?"
He grinned. "I don't care about fair." Moving closer to her,his grin faded and a serious glint grew in his blue eyes. "And as far as my sister goes,you should know better than anyone that Jim won't let us near her,anyway. He'll want to take care of her himself. You're stressed,and I think getting out of here for a little bit will do you some good,so come on." He started toward the mudroom,and after a second or two,she followed him. They pulled on their shoes and coats,and Bobby held the door open for her as they went out. The weather was a warmer today and the wind had died down. They headed for the edge of the bluff.
The water sparkled under the faint rays of sun. Bobby pointed down. "There's a trail over there. Come on." She followed after him,trying not to feel like she was shirking her responsibilities. The trail was little more than a path,and it was overgrown and rocky. Bobby reached back for her hand and gave it a reassuring squeeze. "Don't worry,I won't let you fall," he said,and started down. It was steep,and they slid some as they got closer to the bottom of it,but he was true to his word and kept her on her feet.
"Wow." Bobby let go of her hand and headed straight for the water. Honey hung back,smiling as she watched him bend down to put his hand in the ocean. "It's freaking cold," he said,shaking his head. "Doubt we'll be swimming anytime soon."
"Well,we're only here for a little bit,and we didn't come to swim," she said.
"Yeah,I know." He sighed and turned his head to look at her. "Look,I'm sorry for the way I acted when we met up at Trix's house. I was a jerk. And I'm sorry Dan's treating you like he is."
"It's okay," she said. He gave her a dubious look. "No,really,I understand. I mean,what if I do end up putting everyone at risk? What if Gracie really does hurt one of us badly?" She looked out over the ocean. "Maybe he's right,maybe I should leave."
"No way." Bobby's voice was hard. "First of all,Dan has no right to say anything about you. Second of all,it's your right to be here,more than any of ours. And I know my sister – she loves a good mystery. She's going to want to help you figure out the connection between you and Gracie,because there is one,obviously." He offered her a smile. "And to be honest,it's good to see Brian getting all riled up over you. He's such a Debbie Downer sometimes."
"He's a serious person," she said,nodding. Deciding to be brave,she said,"Trixie mentioned you and him don't get along so well. Why?"
He turned away from her. "Come on. Let's take a walk." He started moving off and she had to take a few fast steps to catch him. She noticed that he put himself between her and the water,and wondered if he realized he was quite a bit like his oldest brother. They walked for a few minutes before he stopped and huffed out a breath. "It's like this,sweetie," he said. "Brian is the responsible one,the one who always got good grades and walked the line. Actually," he gave a shake of his blond head,"he never even got close to the line. No one ever worried about him,you know? He was the perfect son,the perfect older brother,the perfect everything. And everyone loves him for it. I mean,Trix and Hallie practically worship him. And Mart has always depended on him. Hell,our whole family fawns over him."
"Except for you," she said,her voice soft.
He met her eyes. "Yeah. I'm the adventurous one in our family. I don't like playing things safe. I never have. And Moms and Dad let me have some room for that,but Brian was always right there,telling me I needed to get serious and grow up,because I have responsibilities." He sighed. "None of us ever asked to be Conjurers. Yeah,I don't mind it so much now,but sometimes I still hate touching a person and getting all those feelings about them. Sometimes,I just don't want to know."
"I'm sorry," she said,and he gave her a quiet smile.
"You never asked for any of this,either. That's why I hate that Dan's being such an ass toward you." He looked out over the water. "Darkness or not,you belong in our family,with Brian. You're good for him. We can all see that. Even Hallie,but she'll probably never tell you that."
"I'm not exactly fond of her,either."
He chuckled. "That's okay. She's an acquired taste." He took a step toward the water. "Hey. Do you see that?" He pointed.
She followed his line of sight and saw the kayak. "I do. It looks like he's having problems."
"Yeah. I hope he can—damn." Bobby ran toward the water. The kayak had flipped,and the man was struggling in the water. "Stay here," Bobby called over his shoulder. He kicked off his shoes and threw off his coat,and ran into the water. Honey followed him to the shore,her heart pounding. She knew she'd never get help fast enough,and sent up a prayer that Bobby would get to the man and be able to get them both safely back to shore.

I don't own Trixie Belden and Co. I'm just working out some old ideas.
Thank you to Elaine for the two nice reviews,and to everyone else who's come along for this ride. I myself don't really know where we're headed,but thankfully Brian does...maybe. Have a great week!
WICKED
CHAPTER FOUR:
Honey's breath caught in her chest as she watched Bobby swimming hard toward the struggling man. Please,please be careful,she thought. She saw Bobby reach for him,and her chest squeezed when the man grabbed at Bobby and dragged him under. But Bobby popped right back to the surface,and she watched as he tried to pull the man toward shore. The man fought harder against him,and she saw him trying to reach for the kayak.
 He'll never let Bobby pull him in, she realized. He was too worried about losing his ride. Making a quick decision,she kicked off her own shoes and shrugged out of her coat. They weren't that far out,and she was an amazing swimmer. She ran into the water,sucking in hard breaths as the cold of it welled over her. Diving forward,she submerged and kicked hard,propelling herself through the clear cold water. Breaching for air,she saw Bobby go under again,and panic hit her hard. She wasn't strong enough to save both men and get the kayak.
"Hang on!" she yelled and swam harder,even as the cold bit her bones and slowed her down. When she reached them,Bobby was trying to drag the man from his kayak,and he glared at her.
"I have this," he said. "Go back."
Anger lashed through her. "Just get him to shore. I've got the kayak." She grabbed onto it and started hauling it toward the beach.
"Stop fighting me," Bobby ordered the man,and he finally gave up and let Bobby pull him along. "You okay,honeybee?" Bobby called out.
"Yeah," she said. The kayak was by no means heavy,not in its element,but it wasn't easy to hang onto,and she lost her grip a few times and slid under the water. But she'd be damned if she let Bobby think she couldn't do it. He had enough to worry about. She was worried about the cold,though – her limbs were heavy and she wasn't gaining ground very fast. Still,she was a good swimmer and she knew she could ditch the kayak if she had to.
"Honey!"
She heard Dan yell her name right before she saw him hit the water,and couldn't help but feel some relief roll through her. Even if he just helped Bobby with his cargo,she would be forever grateful. But he came straight to her,and took hold of her arm. "Let go,sweetie. I've got it," he said. She nodded and let go,and before she could stop herself,went under. Dan reached down and grabbed her arm and pulled her back up. "Easy," he murmured. "Just rest for a minute." He held her against his chest,and she sagged in the cold water,letting him support her for a little bit.
"Honeybee," Bobby said,swimming closer to them.
"Go," Dan said. "I've got her."
Bobby didn't look reassured,but he turned for shore,keeping the man's head up out of the water.
Dan gave her a tight squeeze. "I'm going to let go so I can get you into the kayak," he said. She nodded and with his help,tried to get into the boat. But the wind was coming up,and they couldn't keep the kayak steady enough to get her inside.
"It's okay,I can swim," she said.
He gave her a dubious look but said,"Stay close to me,then." He moved off toward shore,his strokes hard and strong,and she followed.
Her muscles were stiffening up,and it was getting harder by the second to keep moving and breathing. A swell rolled up under her,and she swallowed some water. Coughing it back out,she heard Dan call her name. Like Dory says,just keep swimming. You don't need his help. You can do this. You're a good swimmer. And she was a very good swimmer,but she was also tired and the water was bone-penetratingly cold. Another wave rolled over her,and she choked on some water as she struggled back to the surface.
"Honey!" Dan took hold of her arm and started swimming.
"The kayak," she said,her voice weak.
"Forget the damn kayak," he growled. "Just relax – I've got you. I won't let you go under." He held her close to his body and she relaxed against him,too tired and cold to be of any help. When they got close enough that Dan could touch,he swung her up into his arms and carried her the rest of the way. Bobby was kneeling next to the man,and Honey saw he wasn't much older than they were. Dan set her down but kept one hand at her waist for support.
"Honeybee." Bobby ran to her and hugged her,kissing the top of her head. "I told you to stay on the beach," he said,his voice hard.
"You needed help," she said between chattering teeth. Bobby sighed and looked at Dan.
"We need to get inside before we all freeze out here," he said. They pulled their shoes and coats back on,Dan helping Honey with hers,and she was amazed at how gentle he was being with her.
"You take him. I've got her." Dan picked her back up and started toward the path that led up the bluff. Honey wanted to protest – she knew he was tired and freezing,too,and it didn't seem fair that he had to carry her. But she couldn't seem to make her lips form the words,and it was warmer in his arms. They reached the path and Dan started up,glancing back once to see where Bobby was.
"Go," Bobby called out from behind them,and Dan held Honey tighter as he moved up the steep path.
"Stay awake," he told her.
"I'm tired," she whispered.
He huffed out a short laugh. "I know,sweetie,but you need to stay awake. I don't know if you're hurt or not,and I can't have you falling unconscious."
"Why are you being so nice?" The words were out before she could think to stop them,and she blushed when his dark eyes fell on her for a second. "I'm sorry," she added.
"No,don't be." He was quiet until they'd reached the top of the bluff,and he turned his attention to the trail,watching as Bobby made his way up. "I'm being nice to you because I do like you,Honey Wheeler. I wouldn't have let anything happen to you out there." His voice was low and hard. "I just want to protect my surrogate family,that's all. But I promise – if I can help get rid of your darkness,I will."
"Thank you," she whispered. And she did understand where he was coming from. And he had just rescued her. She knew now that the water had been too much for her. Maybe not if it'd been summer,but the temps had fallen and the water had sapped most of her strength right away.
He gave her a squeeze. "You're welcome." He chuckled as they approached the Moorings. "Be prepared for Doctor Belden to get extremely overprotective now."
She giggled a little,knowing it was probably true. Brian had promised her at least twice that he wouldn't get that way,but she knew he was protective by nature and he'd be very upset that she'd gone swimming without him there to watch over her. I couldn't just let that guy's kayak float off,though. And he was struggling against Bobby so hard I thought they'd both go under.
Dan set her down beside the door but put an arm around her. She was shivering hard and couldn't get her teeth to stay still. He shoved the door open and picked her up again.
"I think I can walk," she murmured,but she was having a tough time keeping her eyes open.
"Stay awake," Dan ordered,giving her a squeeze. "Honey,I mean it. Keep your eyes open." His voice was loud and she struggled to obey him.
"What the hell?" Jim strode toward them,his handsome face stormy dark. "Dan? Why are you guys soaking wet?"
"We decided to take a swim," Dan said. "Some guy dumped his kayak and was struggling. Honey and Bobby went out after him." Dan set Honey down,and she felt him stagger a little.
"Easy," Jim said,reaching out to steady him. "Here. Sit. Where's Bobby?"
"Coming. He's got the guy he rescued." Dan sat down on the stool Jim had pulled out for him. He was shaking now,his own teeth chattering.
Honey swayed and Jim put an arm around her,squeezing her tight to his side. "Sit tight. I'll get Brian." He moved Honey so she was standing next to Dan,who put his arm around her.
"I've got her," he said,nodding to Jim. Jim took off running,and Honey heard him take the stairs hard. Dan let out a long breath. "Bobby should be here by now." He started to get up and almost fell off the stool.
"Let me look." Honey pushed his arm away,and he tried to grab at her. "Dan,stop. You're exhausted." She started toward the door,and saw Bobby come in,half-carrying the man he'd saved. She walked toward them,but Bobby waved her off.
"We're okay," he said. "Go sit down before you fall over."
She nodded and turned,and the motion was just a little too much. She started to sink to her knees but strong hands caught her waist and she found herself being lifted into a pair of steely arms. Brian's dark eyes met her golden ones,and she winced when she saw the fury in them. He said nothing,but carried her into the living room and set her down gently on one of the couches. When she tried to speak,he shook his head at her.
"Not a word," he said. He walked over and grabbed a quilt off the back of the other couch and brought it back,wrapping it around her. His eyes met hers again,and this time,she saw the worry mixing with the anger. "I'll be right back. Don't move."
She nodded and listened to him jog away,and let her eyes close. Dan had told her to stay awake,but she was so cold and wet and she didn't have the strength to keep them open anymore. It's just for a minute. That can't hurt. And Brian said to stay here and not move.
"Honey. Honey!"
She jolted as someone shook her shoulders,and forced her eyes open. Brian was kneeling in front of her,his hands on her shoulders,his face looking like a thunderhead. "You need to stay awake,baby. We're going to take you to the hospital."
"No," she whispered,and shook her head. Her vision swam a little,and she coughed. Brian's dark eyes slitted and he touched her forehead.
"You're burning up." There was a growl in his voice. He got to his feet and easily picked her up,and she tried to get down. "Stop," he ordered,his voice a sharp bark. "Knock it off." He walked fast toward the kitchen,and she fought to keep her eyes open. Bobby and Dan were nowhere to be seen,but Jim was there,one hand on the shoulder of the man Bobby had rescued. Trixie was sitting on a stool,and when she tried to get up,Jim told her to stay down.
"Let's go," Brian said. "Trixie,let Jim help you."
"I can walk on my own,thank you very much," she sniped. "Honey,are you okay?" She was pale and Honey saw that she had quite a bruise on her cheek.
"Don't argue." Jim stepped to her side and put an arm around her waist. He motioned to the man with his other hand. "You need to come to – Brian wants to make sure you didn't take in too much water before Bobby got to you."
The man grumbled beneath his breath but followed after them. The car was running,and Brian got in the back,holding Honey in his lap. The man got in the back with them,and Jim got in the driver's seat after making sure Trixie was safely in. He gunned the motor and spun the little car around to head down the long driveway. Honey was shaking and when she touched her forehead she realized she was burning to the touch.
"Damn it,sweetheart," Brian whispered in her ear. He held her tighter to his chest. "That's twice now." Anger lashed through his low voice. "Bobby and Dan told me what happened. You could've drowned." His voice broke a little on the last word,and she swallowed back a sudden swell of tears. He rested his cheek on the top of her head. She wanted to reassure him that she'd been fine,but knew that wasn't quite the truth. If Dan hadn't come to her rescue,she wouldn't have been able to swim to shore,and Bobby would've had to try and save her,too.
The man glanced at them,and she saw at once his unease. He looked away,and she wondered if he was thinking that she looked just like Gracie. If he was an islander,he probably knew all about the Moorings sordid past. But it wasn't like Gracie had had anything to do with what had happened;it'd just been coincidence that she and Bobby had been down by the beach when the man's kayak had capsized. Lucky for him Bobby is such a strong swimmer, she thought.
The hospital wasn't far from them,and soon Brian was easing out of the car,holding her in his arms. She really wished he didn't feel the need to carry her,but she was weak,and she knew it. Jim led the way in,Trixie at his side,and Brian followed after the man,keeping an eye on him. The women at the registration desk stared at them as they approached,and one of them finally got up and nodded to Jim.
"Hello," she said. She glanced at all of them,and her eyes widened when she saw Honey. "What happened?"
"A couple of different things," Jim said. "My wife had a large metal shelving unit fall on top of her,and I want her to get checked out." He motioned to the man standing just behind him. "He flipped his kayak and almost drowned,and the other young woman almost drowned trying to help save him." There was ice in Jim's voice. "They need attention now."
A coughing fit overtook Honey as she listened,and Brian held her tighter to him,murmuring to her. "It's okay,sweetheart. Just try to relax. It's going to be all right," he said. He looked at the woman. "I'm a doctor,and you need to get them into the ER right away."
She frowned and held out a pen to Jim. "You need to register them before we can do anything."
"I'm fine," the man said. He looked at Brian. "No offense,Doc,but this is nothing. Your little girlfriend and your friend should've minded their own business." His voice was rough,like he'd been smoking a lot or swallowed a lot of water,and Honey felt Brian's whole body tense with anger.
"They saved your life," he ground out.
"I know how to swim,thanks. And because of them I lost my kayak." He started to turn away,and added,"She's a curse. I'd dump her and run away as fast you can."
"You son of a—"
"Brian." Jim's voice cut through his. "She needs help." He motioned to Honey,and Brian dropped his gaze. She was coughing and shivering.
"Hang in there,sweetheart," he said,kissing her forehead. He took a step closer to the desk. "She needs medical attention right now," he said. His voice was full of steel.
"But you need to—"
"Registration be damned," Brian growled and started toward a door off the left. "This your ER? Come on,Jim." He strode toward the door,and Honey tried to keep her eyes open. But his arms were so strong and warm around her,and the lights were so bright,and she really just needed a few minutes to rest her eyes….
She was swimming. The water was cold,and the waves bounced her around. She could see the Moorings up on the bluff,and tried to fight her way toward it. Somewhere,far off,she thought she could hear Brian calling to her. Water surged over her head and she took in a lungful. She fought harder. And then someone was there,holding onto her,and she was grateful for the help.
 Until she realized it was Gracie. Her eye sockets were black against her white skin,and she was laughing. Honey tried to pull away. She heard Brian yelling and saw him swimming toward her. But Gracie was so much stronger,and she pulled Honey down. Water gushed into her mouth,and she knew she was drowning. The water filled her lungs,choking her,forcing away any oxygen she had left. Gracie was laughing,petting Honey's face. Honey struggled and gasped,trying to cry out for Brian. But the last of her air bubbled from her mouth,and everything was turning black….
"Help!" The scream tore from her throat as she lunged upward. She gasped,struggling for the air she'd just been so desperate for,and someone hugged her to them as they talked to her.
"Honey,baby,calm down,it's okay. You're safe," Brian said,holding her tight to his chest and rubbing her back. "Shh,sweetheart. I'm right here. I've got you," he said,his voice low and calm,as calm as he could make it right then. "Honey,please,calm down. Breathe. Take a breath,baby. I'm right here."
She focused on his voice,focused on the sound of his heart beating hard beneath her ear,and breathed. Her lungs stung like a million bees,and she coughed,surprised when water came into her mouth. Brian was patting and rubbing her back,and his deep voice soothed her until at last she was able to take normal breaths and not feel like she was still drowning. "Brian," she murmured,and his arms tightened around her.
"Shh,baby,it's okay. You're safe. I promise," he said,a fierce edge to his voice. "You're okay." He kissed the top of her head,and she snuggled in hard against his chest. For several moments,they sat this way,neither saying a word.
"Where am I?" she finally asked. She stayed huddled in his arms,not willing to move just yet.
"The hospital," he said,and there was concern in his voice. "Do you remember me carrying you in? Do you remember the ER doctor talking to you?"
"No," she said,her voice small. "I-I remember you carrying me back toward ER,but that's the last thing." She pulled back a little so she could see his face. He touched her cheek. "I had a dream that I was swimming,but I was in trouble,and you were trying to rescue me," she said. "But Gracie was there,and she pulled me under before you could reach me,and she wouldn't let go,and I couldn't breathe,and the water was in my mouth and lungs and—" She broke off as panic filled her chest and she found herself gasping again.
"Honey." Brian took her face in his big hands,his touch secure and gentle. "Just breathe. Gracie isn't here. She can't hurt you. And I would never let her do something like that." There was a line of iron in his voice. "Try to relax," he encouraged,and hugged her again.
She knew he was telling the truth. Brian was not only her boyfriend,but her protector,as well,and he took that job to heart. She took deep slow breaths until her heart wasn't pounding quite as hard. "Is Trixie okay?" she whispered.
"She's going to be fine. She has a bump on her head,and her left shoulder is pretty sore,but it's nothing that will slow her up. Jim and I want her to spend the night just to be sure,but that's just us being protective," he said. He eased her back so they could see one another's faces. "How do you feel? Does your chest hurt? Can you breathe okay?"
She took a few moments to take stock of how she was really feeling. The overwhelming sense of drowning was passing,but her lungs burned when she breathed. "My lungs hurt when I breathe,and when I was coughing really hard a couple of minutes ago I coughed up some water."
His eyes narrowed in concern and he started to get off the bed. "Wait,where are you going?" she asked,panic hitting her hard again.
"It's okay. I'll be right back,sweetheart." He was out the door before she could say anything else,and she fought down the rise of panic that his absence brought on. She coughed some more,and dizziness made her lie back against the pillow. Brian strode back through the door with a man in scrubs. "She's coughing up water,and her lungs feel like they're burning," Brian said. "I want her on oxygen."
The doctor walked over and held his hand out to Honey. "I'm Doctor Ruben," he said. "How are you feeling?"
She shook his hand even as another coughing fit overtook her. He frowned and nodded. "I'll have a machine brought in right away." He left the room as Brian approached and sat down on the bed.
"Easy,sweetheart. We're going to hook you up to oxygen. It will be easier for you to breathe," he said. She nodded and swallowed hard.
"Why am I having such a hard time?" she asked,her voice raspy.
Concern lit up his dark eyes as he took her hand and held it between his. "There's something called secondary drowning,and it can occur several hours after someone has swallowed a lot of water during an almost-drowning incident. The fact that your lungs hurt so badly,and that you've even coughed up a little water,are good indicators that you need some help," he told her. When her eyes widened he added,"Don't worry. That might not be what's happening,but if it is,the oxygen will help. And staying here overnight."
She nodded and closed her eyes,all at once too tired to keep them open. She heard the door open,and something rumbled across the floor. She heard Brian speaking in low tones with someone else,and then a mask was being pressed to her face. Jumping,her eyes flying open,she saw Brian leaning down over her. "Shh,baby. It's okay. We're putting an oxygen mask on you now. It will make breathing easier," he explained. "I'll be right here. Just rest." His voice was low and deep and soothing,and she let her eyes fall closed again. She trusted him to know what to do and to take care of her,and she was already spiraling down into the dark of a dreamless sleep.
When she finally awoke,hours later,she struggled for a moment before realizing the creature on her face was just the oxygen mask. She took it off and inhaled a deep breath,glad when her lungs didn't feel fiery. Little noises penetrated the stillness of the room,and pinpoints of light from the machines around her bed broke the dark. After her eyes adjusted,she saw Brian asleep in a chair that was too small for his big frame,and warmth washed through her. Even though he was uncomfortable,he hadn't left her side.
She let out a soft sigh and wondered how Trixie was doing,and if she'd been coerced into spending the night too. A faint smile stole over her face. If Jim had had his way,then Trix was certainly here somewhere. And are Bobby and Dan okay? Weren't Jim and Brian worried about them? They were out there just as long as I was. Was it because they were guys? That thought made her crinkle her nose. That's ridiculous. I know Bobby took in water,too. And Dan probably,had,too. So why wasn't Brian worried about them having secondary drowning?
"Hey." Brian sat up in the chair and ran his hands through his tousled hair,making it stick up even more. She managed a small giggle and he grinned at her. "Feeling a little better now?" he asked and got up to come sit next to her.
"I feel better," she said. "Thank you for staying with me."
He touched her cheek. "There was no way I was leaving you," he said,his voice soft. "Trix is here,too. Jim's with her."
"Why didn't you have Bobby and Dan come in? I mean,they were out there as long as I was,and I'm pretty sure they both swallowed some water." She couldn't help but be curious.
He gave her a gentle kiss and said,"I know they were. And I owe Dan for rescuing you." He paused,and she could see the swell of emotion in his face. "I checked them both over before we left,and told them to watch over one another." He let out a sigh. "You,on the other hand,I need to keep my eye on." He tempered this with a smile. "I didn't know you were going to be so much trouble."
She blushed and kissed him lightly on the lips. "I didn't,either," she whispered. "And to be honest,I'm kind of glad to be out of the house."
"Yeah?" He tugged on a strand of her hair. "We need to find the book Silas wrote so we can get out of here."
"I feel like I should try to help Gracie,though." She frowned and looked away from him. "There's a connection between us,B. I just know there is."
"As much as I hate to admit it,you might be right," he said. "And whatever it is,I'll help you find it." He touched his forehead to hers. "We're in this together,sweetheart." He kissed her and whispered,"I'm going to do a better job of protecting you,too. I promise."
She nestled into his arms and let herself relax,knowing that whatever happened next,whatever they found out,he had her back.

I don't own Trixie Belden and Co. I'm just having some fun with Honey and Brian. 
Thank you to anyone who's reading this. I'm really writing it for myself,because I need to do something in-between working on my second fantasy novel.
WICKED
CHAPTER FIVE:
The next morning both Honey and Trixie were cleared to leave. The drive back to the Moorings was quiet;neither woman felt much like talking,and the men were stoic. It was raining,the wind lashing against the car and trying to blow it off the narrow winding road. Jim was driving. His hands were white on the steering wheel. Lightning snapped across the sky,and thunder shook the ground. Honey huddled next to Brian. He kept his arm tight around her.
Bobby and Dan met them in the kitchen,and spent the next couple of minutes hugging the women and making sure they were really okay. The lights went out for a moment and Honey had to squash the rising sense that things were not going to go well. Maybe Gracie wouldn't cause any more problems. And they didn't know if the spirit had pushed the shelving unit over on Trixie,but she suspected that she had.
"You sure you're okay?" Dan asked her. He was leaning against the bar,arms folded over his chest.
"I'm sure. Brian had them put me on oxygen last night," she said.
"Oxygen? Why?" Concern broke in his dark eyes.
"I was coughing a lot,and coughed up some water. He thought maybe I was having secondary drowning," she said. She sat down on the bar stool next to him and leaned her elbow on the bar.
He sucked in a deep breath. "I'm sorry,Honey. I thought I'd kept you safer than that." There was genuine anxiety in his voice,and she reached out to touch his arm.
"You saved my life," she said,her voice quiet. "I thought I could make it back to shore,but it was so cold and the waves were getting bigger. You're the reason I'm here right now." She knew Bobby would've done everything he could to rescue her,but he wouldn't have been fast enough. "I shouldn't have gone out there,but that guy was fighting Bobby so bad I didn't think he'd be able to bring him in. I thought if I had the kayak,the guy would stop fighting."
"Sounds like he was a real peach at the hospital," Dan said,watching her. "Told Brian to leave you."
"He did," she said,biting her lip. "I just wish that I knew what was going on with Gracie." She looked at him. "There has to be a connection somewhere."
"Maybe you should talk to your dad about it," Dan suggested.
"That's a great idea," Honey said,nodding. She looked past him to where Brian was talking with Bobby,Jim,and Trixie. "Maybe I'll go call him right now,since they're all busy."
"Distracted,you mean," Dan said,giving her a smirk. "I wouldn't go too far away from the group,though."
"I won't." She got to her feet and made her way toward the living room. Rain pounded against the windows. I think my phone is upstairs. Not too excited about going upstairs alone,she peeked into the kitchen. Brian had his back to her,and he was still talking to the other three. From the look on Jim's face,it wasn't anything pleasant. But Dan caught her peeking in and grinned,and slipped out of the room.
"Need some help?" he asked.
"I think my phone is upstairs,and I don't want to go up there by myself," she admitted.
His grin faded. "No,that would be a bad idea. Come on." He led the way up the stairs,and she followed after,glad that she hadn't had to break up what the others were talking about. She didn't want to worry Brian any more than was really necessary. She knew he was still a little upset with her for going into the ocean the day before,but she understood his anger.
They walked up to the third floor,and as they rounded the top of the staircase,Honey stopped. The orb was there,outside her bedroom door. The breath in her lungs seem to freeze,and she couldn't move.
"Honey?" Dan looked over his shoulder at her,and frowned. "Is she here?"
"The orb is," she told him. She slowly made her way down the hall,Dan right at her side. "Gracie?" The orb bounced in the air and turned toward her. Honey stopped,and Dan took a half-step in front of her.
"Just being cautious," he said.
The orb was turning red,and Honey took a step back. "We need to go," she said. "She's getting upset."
"You can tell?"
"She's changing color." And then the orb was moving toward them,and Honey moved past Dan and put out her hands. "Gracie,stop," she said. "Don't hurt us." The orb wavered in the air,five feet from her. "Why are you doing this?" Honey asked,her voice soft. "We aren't here to hurt you. We're looking for Silas Moore's book he wrote." The orb began to change shape,growing longer and wider,until a vague human form began to emerge.
"I think you might've made her mad," Dan whispered.
"Can you see her?"
"Yeah. She looks pissed." He took hold of her hand and gave it a tug. "Come on. We need to get away from her."
A violent gust of air rushed through the hallway,blowing Honey's hair around her face and obscuring her view. Something cold grabbed her around the throat,choking her. When Dan reached for her,he was knocked off his feet. Honey watched with burgeoning horror as his head struck the wall and he went limp on the floor. She struggled against the icy hand at her throat. Gracie was right in front of her,her empty eye sockets disturbing in her porcelain face.
Honey let herself drop to the floor,and Gracie's grasp was broken. She gasped for air and touched her throat. It was cold and it burned. Dan mumbled,drawing her attention,and she crawled over to him. She shook his shoulder. "Dan,wake up. Dan!"
He pushed himself up on one elbow and rubbed the back of his head. "Damn it," he murmured. His eyes widened and he jumped to his feet,putting himself in front of her. "Stay behind me," he ordered.
Honey looked up and saw Gracie floating in the air. Her hair,so much like Honey's,floated in the air around her face. Her face looked so serene,and she reached out a hand toward the two of them. Dan took a step toward the stairs. "Move with me," he said,his voice hard.
But Honey was drawn in by Gracie's outstretched hand,the sadness that washed over her alabaster skin. She took a slight step toward the spirit. Gracie raised her other hand,holding them out,long fingers extended like an invitation. Honey gave a shake of her head – she knew what would happen. Gracie would try to hurt her. But she couldn't stop herself from moving toward her.
"Honey." Dan grabbed her arm and pulled her down the hall. "Don't look at her. She's manipulating you." There was fury in his voice.
"Honey!" Brian was moving toward them from the stairs,followed by Bobby. The two brothers ran down the hall toward them,and another sharp gust of wind blew through,pushing Honey and Dan hard. Brian caught her before she fell and wrapped his arms around her. Bobby moved in front of them,reaching out to steady Dan.
"She's gone," Bobby said,and turned. "You two okay?"
"Yeah,just fine," Dan said. There was a growl in his voice. "She's angry. We need to find that book today and get the hell out of here before she really does some damage."
"Sweetheart?" Brian tilted Honey's chin so he could see her eyes. "Are you okay?"
"I'm fine," she said,but knew she wasn't. The spirit had had a hold on her again - if Dan hadn't been there,what would've happened? "She's getting stronger. I can feel it," she said. "Dan's right – she's getting angrier about us being here."
"So let's get looking,then," Brian said. He gave her a tight squeeze and let go of her.
Dan cleared his throat,and gave Honey a pointed look. She nodded and said,"I want to call my father and ask him about her," she said. "I know we need to find the book too,but my father will know if there's a connection between her and I."
"We'll start looking for the book again," Dan said. He motioned to Bobby. "We'll grab Trix and Jim."
"Okay," Brian said. He took hold of Honey's hand and led her down the hall to their bedroom. Pushing open the door,he made sure it was clear before letting her in. She grabbed her phone off the nightstand and let out a whooshing breath.
"I have two missed calls from him," she said,glancing at Brian. He sat down on the bed and reached out for her. She sat down next to him. "No voice mails,though," she murmured. She called his number and waited,her heart thumping hard in her chest. Her throat was still store where Gracie had gripped it,but she didn't mention it to Brian. It would only upset him,and there was nothing he could do about it.
"Madeleine." Matthew Wheeler's voice was hard. "Where the hell are you? I've been trying to reach you."
Not very hard,you haven't, she thought. "I'm on Cobbett's Island,at the Moorings." She waited for some type of reaction. She got nothing. "Dad,how am I connected to Gracie,the woman who jumped from the catwalk in 1938?"
There was silence for several moments. "Who said anything about you being connected?"
"Dad,I look just like her,and we have the exact same name." There was a bite to her voice. "So who is she,really? Or maybe I should ask who I am,really?"
Brian rubbed his hand up and down her back,and she moved to she could lean up against him. "Dad? Just tell me the truth," she said.
"I don't think this is the time for that discussion," Matthew said. His voice was stiff.
"She's tried to kill me," Honey said,her voice frosty. "And she's hurting my friends. I know all about our family,too,something you neglected to ever tell me. I know there's something dark about our family."
"Dark." Matthew barked the word. "You have no idea,darling. You have absolutely no idea of the power lurking inside you. But this isn't the time to discuss Gracie. You need to get off that island before something bad happens."
"Something bad has already happened," Honey said,struggling to control her emotions. Brian's hands came up and pulled her against him,and she tried to relax into him. "Just tell me."
Matthew sighed. "Gracie's maiden name was Hart,just like your mother's," he said. He sounded weary now. "The Hart family was one of the pillars of society in Salem,and they continue to be so today. Her mother,Hattie Moore,was Silas's sister. It was considered a good union,marrying together two of the most powerful Conjurer families." He paused and heaved out a deep breath. "And apparently you know what happened to Gracie. Her fiancé's name was Brian,and he drowned off the coast of the island in a bad storm."
The phone slipped in her hand,and she found it hard to breathe. She could hear her father calling her name,and she tried to fight the well of unease swelling in her chest. "Honey? Hey,what is it? What did he say?" Brian moved so he could see her face. "Sweetheart? Honey." He took her face in his hands,and she saw the growing worry in his pretty deep brown eyes.
She finally choked out a breath and said,"Her fiancé's name was Brian," she said,her voice breathy and soft. His eyes widened,and he dropped his hands from her face. Her father was still yelling into the phone,and she said,"I'm here."
"What is going on? Who are you talking to?" Matthew said.
"My boyfriend,Brian Belden," she said. She could see Brian was trying to make sense of what she'd just told him.
"Brian." There was a slow roll of horror through Matthew's voice. "Then it's going to happen. It has to. Things are in motion now."
"What's in motion? Dad? What do you mean?"
"I have to go. Get off that island. I'll be in touch soon."
And then he was gone,and Honey set her phone down,trying to take in everything she'd just heard. Brian was silent,and she looked at him,hoping that she wouldn't see revulsion in his eyes,or rejection. "B?" Her voice was low.
He raised his eyes to his. "Gracie and Brian," he murmured. "We're both connected to this,somehow,then. My parents had to know,too."
She touched his face,running her hand gently along his jawline. He caught her hand and turned it over,kissing the palm. "Dad said something was going to happen,that things are in motion now." She bit her lip. "I don't know what to think. What if Gracie goes after you,too?" There was a thread of fear in her voice.
"I'd rather she try to hurt me then go after you," he told her. "Don't worry. If anything,this just means you and I are meant to be together." His voice was soft,and he leaned forward to kiss her gently.
"But what if she tries to—" She couldn't say what she was thinking. "She tried to push me off the catwalk,after all."
"Drown me?" Brian shook his head. "I doubt she can leave the house. Most spirits are contained and can't roam free. The ocean is too far for her to do that."
Honey knew he was right,but worry was eating its way through her. She couldn't imagine what she'd do if something happened to him. And there's still the tub. I know that sounds stupid,like something out of a horror movie,but what if she tries to drown him in that?
"Hey." Brian smiled at her. "Don't worry about me. I've got you to watch my back,and my family. It'll be okay."
A wave of sunshine flowed through her,and she put her arms around his neck,just needing,desperately so,to be close to him. He held her tight and nuzzled her neck. "It will be all right,sweetheart. I'm not going anywhere. I won't let her hurt you,or me." The fierceness of his tone wrapped itself around her,like a protection spell,and she snuggled in closer to his big chest,listening to the strong beating of his heart. "We should go look for the book," he whispered a few minutes later.
She nodded and pulled back. "And tell the others what my father said. We all need to be on the same page."
"I agree." He got up and offered her his hand,giving hers a tight squeeze. "Hang in there," he said as they left the room. "As long as we stick together,we'll be all right."
They went down to the basement,where Jim and Trixie were digging through some old boxes. Dan and Bobby met up with them when Trix texted Bobby and told him Honey had more news about Gracie. After Honey told them what Matthew had said,they were all silent.
"It will be fine," Brian finally said. "This just means I'm connected to her,too,and that Honey and I are meant to be together."
"Yeah,and it also means Gracie's going to go after you,too," Dan said,shaking his head. "Again,I think you two should leave. Let us find the book,if it's even here,and we'll meet up with you back in Sleepyside."
"Because Sleepyside is so safe for them," Bobby said,earning a sharp look from Dan. "I'm just sayin'."
"She hasn't gone after Brian yet specifically," Jim pointed out.
"Well,she hit him when she was in orb form," Trixie reminded them. "We thought she was going after Honey,but maybe she wasn't. And really,if you think about it,by drawing Brian out onto the catwalk using Honey,she could've taken care of them both. The catwalk goes out over the water – if they didn't die from the fall,they probably would've drowned." She tapped her finger against her lower lip.
Honey shuddered hard and Brian put his hand on her shoulder. He frowned at his sister. "Well that's a pleasant thought,sis."
Trixie shrugged. "Look,I'm just trying to figure this all out. Why hasn't she been attacking you two more? She must know who you are – I mean,we've called you by your names. And she's a Hart,so she's part of Honey's bloodlines."
"That is true," Jim said,"but I think we need to ask why? Why does she want to hurt them? What secret is she hiding?"
The lights suddenly went out,and Honey pushed into Brian. He put his arms around her. The air turned cold,cold enough that she could see her breath hanging in front of her. Wind howled through the basement,and the hairs stood on the back of her neck. Something crashed into the wall to their right,causing Honey to jump.
"We need flashlights," Bobby said.
"Really?" Dan's voice had a snarl to it. "Back off,Gracie," he ordered. Honey saw a reddish aura start building around him,and she wondered if his powers could stop her. Dan had told her he was strong,but that it took a lot out of him to use them. "I don't want to hurt you," he warned.
The wind grew stronger,and Honey turned her face into Brian's chest. He dropped his head down over hers,trying to protect her as much as he could. A shriek sounded from behind them,and all at once Brian was shoved from behind. He fell forward,unable to stop,and tried to avoid falling on her. She hit the cement floor hard,and Brian just missed landing on her. The lights started flashing and Honey lifted her head and saw Dan trying to fight back. His eyes glowed red,and the red aura was bright.
And then the wind and shrieking faded,and Brian was gently easing her to her knees,his hands on her shoulders,his face close to hers as he murmured to her. "Honey? Are you okay? Did I hurt you?"
"N-no," she said,shaking her head. The lights flickered back on,and she saw Dan kneeling on the floor,clutching his head. "Dan." Brian,seeing he was hurt,got up and went over to him.
"You okay?" Bobby asked Trixie. She had been knocked down too,and Jim was keeping an eye on her while helping Brian check Dan over.
"Yeah," Trixie said. "She's not shy,that's for sure." She looked at Honey. "You okay? Did she hurt you and Brian?"
"No," Honey said,shaking her head. She got to her feet and went over to Dan. He was still clutching his head,and she knelt down next to Brian.
"Can you help him?" she whispered.
"It will wear off in a little bit," Dan told her,grimacing. He was breathing hard and sweat clung to his collarbone. "Everyone okay?"
"We are," Brian said,glancing at Honey. "We need to keep looking for the book,but I want you," he put his hand on Dan's shoulder,"to go get some rest."
"I'm fine." Dan sat back and dropped his hands. Squaring his shoulders,he met Brian's gaze. "Really,Doc,I'm good." He started to get to his feet and wobbled. Jim caught his arm.
"Brian's right – you need to take it easy. Bobby,why don't you go with him."
"I don't need a babysitter," Dan growled. He pushed Jim away. "Let's just find the damn book."
Brian and Jim exchanged looks,and Honey wasn't sure they'd drop it. But they shrugged and everyone fanned out to look for the book. "It would help if we knew what it looked like," she said,pulling a box of odds and ends down off a shelving unit.
"Old and musty," Bobby told her,flashing a charming grin when she looked at him. "What? I'm just trying to be helpful."
"Hey!" Trixie's excited voice had everyone running to her. "Look at this." She held up an old newspaper,its edges yellowed and curled.
"That's not a book," Dan told her.
"I know. But look at the headline." Trixie held up for them all to see.
LOCAL WOMAN JUMPS TO HER DEATH!
"Oh," Honey murmured. "We should read it,so we know exactly what happened to her."
"Go ahead,Trix," Jim encouraged. "You found it."
"It says Gracie Hart was witnessed jumping to her death on the night of September 10,1938. She had fallen into depression after the drowning death of her beloved fiancé,Brian Belden—" Trixie broke off and her eyes flew to her oldest brother's face. "Dad told us you had a family name," she said,her voice shaking.
"Yeah,but why would they name him after that guy?" Bobby asked. "And wouldn't they know the guy's history with Gracie Hart? I mean,Brian and Gracie,Brian and Honey?"
"It is odd," Brian said,nodding. "And Dad did tell me he didn't think I'd fall so hard for Honey."
"He also warned us about coming here," Honeys said,her voice small. "Maybe they didn't want us to find this connection."
"Keep reading," Dan ordered,frowning. "There's no sense trying to figure out what your parents did and didn't know,not right now."
Trixie shrugged. "I guess you're right. If they'd wanted us to know,they would've said something. Maybe it's still just a big coincidence."
"Really?" Bobby asked,shaking his head.
"No," she shot back. "Not really." She shook out the newspaper and started reading again. "Gracie and Brian were to be married in late September,but the ship he worked on went down during a storm. He was found in shallow waters,a net wrapped around him." Trixie stopped and shuddered. "I'm not sure I can read this."
Dan took it from her. "It was determined he drowned in the storm. Gracie and he were to live in the Moorings,left to them by her uncle,Silas Moore. It is undetermined at this time who will inherit the Moorings,if anyone." He folded the paper. "Well,at least we know what the fiancé's name was,and what happened to him."
Honey shivered against Brian and he put his arm around her. "It doesn't change anything. We already knew there was a connection. Now we just know it's a very strong one," he said.
"It doesn't change the fact that Honey's family is dark,and we need to help her," Dan said,and handed the paper to her. "Maybe you should keep this."
She nodded. "Thank you. And I'm so sorry this is turning out to be so much more than just looking for a book." Her voice was low and there was a quiet threat of tears in it.
"Not your fault," Jim said. His voice was firm. "Keep looking."
They spread out again. Two hours later,everyone determined that the book couldn't be in the basement. They'd overturned and searched through every box they'd found. Every small space had been investigated. "I think it's safe to say we're done down here," Dan said.
"Yeah,I think so,too." Jim dusted off his hands and checked his watch. "Time to eat."
They headed upstairs,and Honey tried to hide her disappointment. The basement was so large that it had seemed to perfect place to find the book. There were still plenty places to look,but she was anxious to get out of the Moorings. Finding how strong the connection was between her and Gracie made her uneasy,and worried about Brian. And really,all the others,too. Gracie was showing how powerful she was getting,and Honey wondered if that was because she was drawing off their own Conjurer powers.
When nothing in the kitchen sounded good to any of them,Trixie suggested pizza. "Look," she said,holding up a piece of paper. "The caretaker left a list of takeout numbers."
"Pretty small island – wouldn't think there's a lot of takeout places," Dan said,taking the list from her and perusing it. "Not bad,though. Pizza's good with me."
"Anyone not want pizza?" Jim asked.
When everyone agreed that was fine,Trixie called in their order. She set her phone down. "Twenty minutes,we have to go get it."
Jim nodded. "Maybe we can watch a movie tonight,and start in the morning. There's still plenty of house to search."
"Too bad we don't know for sure that it's here," Bobby said. "We wouldn't have to waste time."
"We'll find it soon or later," Brian said. "Who wants to go get the pizza?"
"I say just a couple of us,since that car is so small," Bobby said. "And I'm not volunteering."
"I'll go," Dan said.
"And me," Trixie said. "I wouldn't mind getting out of here for a while."
"You got to leave yesterday," Bobby pointed out,grinning.
She stuck her tongue out at him. "Yeah,thanks for reminding me." She cupped her chin in her hand. "So what do you guys really make out of everything we've learned? I mean,obviously our parents know a lot more than they're willing to tell us."
"Well,my father told me I have no idea of the darkness in our family,of the power within me," Honey said,looking at the floor. "If Gracie is this violent,this full of hatred and darkness,what does that mean for me?" Her voice was very small,and immediately Brian moved to her side and hugged her.
"That doesn't mean anything," he assured her. "You have control over your own destiny."
"Does she?" Dan shook his dark head. When Brian glared at him,he added,"I'm not saying she's going to go that dark. But we've seen what the darkness does. Obviously Gracie had it,too. We just need to be careful,watch our backs."
"And we will," Jim said,his voice firm. "For now,though,let's concentrate on getting some food into our systems and just hanging out. We need to decompress."
Honey watched Dan and Trixie get ready to leave,and then wandered out into the living room. She was still trying to wrap her head around everything she'd learned. It worried her that Brian was so connected to Gracie,too – she could handle the spirit attacking her,even though it frightened her,but she didn't want anything to happen to him. I'll do whatever I have to do to keep him safe, she thought. Even if that meant putting herself in the path of Gracie's destructive behavior.

I don't own Trixie Belden and Co. I'm just borrowing them for some amusement. 
Thank you so much to MaggieJo,BellaVS7,Elaine,and BubblegumDuchess22 for the reviews. While my writing this story isn't contingent on anyone actually reading it,it is nice to know it's being read and appreciated for what it is. I have always been a huge Brian and Honey fan,and when I decided to write fan fiction centering on them,I knew I didn't want to write anything typical. I wanted it to be more special than that. So thank you for expressing your interest in it. I'm happy to know someone else appreciates a different kind of TB story. 
I will not be working on this story for the rest of the week,so there won't be any updates until later next week,probably Thursday or Friday. Don't worry - I'm getting this done. I love writing the two of them (my own husband is dark-eyed with dark hair,and reminds me of Brian,lol) and can't wait to see what else happens. I'm a "pantser" writer by nature - I let the characters tell me the story,as Stephen King suggests doing,so I'm not even sure how this is all going to turn out. We'll all find out together:-)
WICKED
CHAPTER SIX:
It was late when everyone headed to bed. The pizza had been good,and they'd ended up watching an old eighties movie starring John Candy and Dan Ackroyd. Now,as Honey readied for bed,she tried to calm the feeling that it wouldn't be a peaceful night. Brian slid into bed next to her and gave her a comforting smile before turning off his light.
"If anything happens,wake me up," he said.
"I will." There was no way she was going traipsing around the Moorings again without backup.
He lay behind her and she curled up against him. He was warm and strong and she had to quell the various thoughts running through her mind. She wasn't ready for that. Neither was he – he'd said as much. They hadn't known one another that long. He was soon asleep,his breathing evening out. She closed her eyes and tried not to think about anything. That was easier said than done,though,and her mind wandered.
Why hadn't her parents ever told her who they really were? Why was Matthew so against telling her anything now,when she already knew things about their family? Why didn't Dad trust me enough to say anything? He knew who Kyle was. Why didn't he protect me from him? Jim felt horrible for not having intervened,but she didn't blame him. That had been the work of both their fathers. She rolled onto her back and stared up at the ceiling. Things were never going to be normal again. She was full of something dark,something twisted,but she had yet to feel it.
"You okay?" Brian's voice was soft.
"I thought you were sleeping," she whispered.
"I was." He pushed himself up on one elbow and looked down at her. "We can change rooms,if you want. I know Dan would switch."
"No,it's okay." She looked away,toward the window. The old house creaked and moaned,and she longed for the quiet of her apartment.
"It's really not." He reached over and turned on the light. "What are you thinking about?"
She started to say nothing,but his eyes darkened,and she bit her lip. "What if we don't find anything here? What if we can't stop the darkness?"
"We will find it. Or we'll find something that can help." He touched her cheek,his long fingers caressing. "We'll stop the dark,Honey. I promise."
But how could he promise something like that? How could he know that she was going to be okay? He waited for several moments,and when she didn't say anything,he said,"Don't get discouraged. We've only been here a little while. And we know now about Gracie and Brian,right? That was something we didn't know we'd discover."
"All that does is make me nervous," she said,shaking her head. "I feel like we're just waiting for something else bad to happen."
"Tomorrow we'll search more of the house,and then if we don't find anything,we'll see about finding blueprints. Like Dan said,this place probably has secret passageways running through it."
"That only makes me nervous,too," she whispered,but there was humor in her voice.
"You have every right to feel nervous," he said,nodding. "But we'll be careful. We know what Gracie is capable of now,and there're six of us to watch each other's backs." He leaned over and kissed her cheek. "Try to get some sleep,sweetheart. I'm right here if you need me."
She nodded and snuggled down into the blankets as he turned the light off again. Maybe Gracie would leave them alone for the night. Maybe she had used too much of her supernatural powers and wouldn't be able to hurt them for a while. A girl can dream,anyway,right? She huffed out a quiet sigh and rolled over on her side,facing Brian's back. Just maybe…
Thunder crashed a few hours later outside their window,bringing her out of a restless sleep. She bolted upright,breathing hard,her eyes wild with the nightmares she'd been floundering in. Immediately Brian had his arm around her shoulders,giving her a gentle squeeze. "It's okay," he murmured. "Just a storm."
And she knew that. Or at least,she knew she shouldn't be afraid of a storm. But this one,with lightning that didn't seem to die and thunder that shook the whole house,seemed more than just a storm. When she couldn't quell her shaking,Brian took command and sent waves of warmth flooding through her slender body,willing away the dark that threatened to choke her. "Shh," he murmured,holding her tight. "It'll die down soon."
Honey nodded against his chest,but when another flash lit their room,she gasped. Gracie stood in the doorway. "Brian,she's here," she said,her voice raspy. He tightened his hold on her.
"She's not going to hurt you," he promised. "Not while I'm here."
Honey swallowed hard. Gracie didn't move. What is she waiting for? Why is she just watching us? Her heart beat harder and harder as the spirit continued to hover in the doorway. Then Gracie raised a hand,and beckoned to her. She didn't want to respond,but found herself struggling against Brian's hold.
"Honey? What's going on?" Brian's voice was low and there was steel in it. "What is she doing to you?"
"I don't know. She wants me to follow her. You can't see her?" She couldn't help the tint of desperation in her voice.
"I see her now." He shook his head. "I won't let you follow her,don't worry. I've got you." He pulled her closer and said,"Gracie,leave us."
Gracie floated into the room,her long hair cascading around her face. Honey shuddered and pressed closer to Brian. "I mean it,Gracie – leave us!" he ordered.
She reached out both hands,and again,Honey found herself responding and yet not wanting to. But Brian's grip on her was strong,and he held her close,not letting her struggle. "Brian," she whispered as Gracie drew near to the bed.
He moved so she was behind him a little and held out his free hand toward the spirit. "She's not yours,Gracie,and neither am I. Go. Leave us now." His voice was hard.
Gracie tilted her head,like she was studying them. Then she covered her face with her hands and let forth a scream. It ricocheted around their bedroom,blasting their eardrums. It was a cry of terrible pain,and suddenly she launched herself at Brian and hit him. He fell backward,onto Honey,and she heard him gasping as the spirit attacked him. Wiggling out from beneath him,she saw Gracie strangling him. Brian tried to push her away,but his hands passed through her.
"Gracie,no!" Honey yelled and flung herself at the spirit. Gracie shrieked and let go of Brian,and an icy blast of wind blew around the room. Honey stayed between the spirit and her boyfriend,watching Gracie as she hurled herself around the room. "Gracie,leave!" Honey ordered. Her voice shook,matching the tremors that raced through her body. She could hear Brian gasping behind her,and threw a quick glance at him over her shoulder. He had one hand at his throat,and his eyes were wild when they met hers.
Fury broke through the tremors,and Honey got to her feet,standing in the middle of the big bed. Something dark coursed through her veins,and she let out a noise that was more roar than voice. Gracie wilted and hung in the corner of the room,her face turned toward Honey. "Go!" Honey thundered,and the spirit vanished through the wall. She breathed deep,trying to get a handle on the black anger raging through her veins,but she couldn't. She wanted to hurt someone,wanted someone to feel pain and horror like she was feeling.
"What the hell is going on?" Jim burst into the room,followed by Trixie. "Honey? What happened?" he asked,moving toward the bed.
"Don't." Honey held up a hand toward him,and Trixie reached out to snag his arm.
"Jim,look at her," she said. "She's not herself."
"Hon,it's okay now. Whatever happened,it's okay," Jim said. "Brian? You all right?"
Brian got off the bed and moved around so he could see Honey's face. "Sweetheart,it's okay now. She's gone. I'm okay." But his voice was rough from having been choked,and she couldn't force back the utter rage at him having been hurt. He reached for her,and she shook her head and took a step back from him. "Honey,calm down," he said.
"Don't touch me right now," she warned.
But he moved closer. "I'm okay. She's gone. We're okay."
She gave a vehement shake of her head. "No. I'm not okay." She lifted her eyes to Jim and Trixie. "You three need to go. Now."
"Honey,what's going on?" Trixie asked. She took a step closer to the bed. "Did Gracie do something?"
"She attacked Brian." Her voice shook,but it wasn't fright that manipulated the shake. It was fury. "And hurt him. And I won't tolerate that anymore!" Her voice rose and Jim moved so he was next to Trixie. "I'm not going to hurt you guys," Honey said,and took a step back. "But I need to be alone right now. Please."
Brian glanced back at Jim and Trixie. "Go. I've got her."
But Jim shook his head. "No. We're not leaving you two." He walked over and shut the door. "Honey,it's okay. You're upset that Gracie hurt Brian. We understand that. But you need to calm down. She's gone."
And that was true:the spirit had disappeared. But the rage Honey could feel burning through her hadn't. She fought to calm her breathing. Brian was safe. They were all safe. But she knew it wasn't going to be for long. Gracie,for whatever reason,was upset they were here,and seemed determined to get rid of them.
Brian put his hand out. "Sweetheart,come down,please. I don't want you to fall," he said. His voice was low,full of concern. He took a step closer to the bed.
"I just need to be alone," she told him. The fury wasn't subsiding. It was instead feeding,growing,becoming something twisted. Her head hurt. She wanted to scream at them,tell them that she wasn't that safe right now. She couldn't imagine hurting any of them,but she needed time to bring herself down. Brian took a step toward her. "No," she warned,her voice frosty. "I said no."
He stopped. She saw Trixie nudge Jim,saw a shudder pass through him. "What?" she asked.
"Your eyes," Trixie said. "They're bright green."
Honey swept the back of one hand over them. And felt the bed shift as Brian jumped up on it and wrapped his arms around her. "Brian—"
"It's okay," he whispered to her. "Just relax." He rubbed one big hand over her back,and she tried to do as he asked. He flooded her body with sunshine. But whatever it was that had tripped when Gracie was choking him wasn't about to die down. It was only getting stronger.
"Brian,let go of her," Jim said. He moved toward the bed. "She's not okay. Let go of her."
"No. She needs me." Brian snugged her tighter to his chest. "Honey,it's okay. I'm safe. You scared Gracie away. You protected me."
She squeezed her eyes shut. Something wild,feral,out-of-control,was trying to take her over. It was clawing at her chest,she couldn't breathe,she couldn't – a scream ripped from her throat,and she fought against Brian's hold. He was talking,his voice deep with panic,but she couldn't focus on it. There was too much adrenaline rushing through her,too much fury,and she screamed again. Brian dropped down to the bed,taking her with him,and he leaned over her,holding her tight,rocking her back and forth as he continued to talk.
I'm suffocating,I can't breathe,I can't talk…Brian,help me! Black tinged her awareness,and she gasped,sharp pains ripping into her lungs as she tried for air. She struggled to concentrate on his voice,because she knew that was real. Whatever it was that had taken over her fought back,but she refused to give in,to let it win. She couldn't hurt Brian,and that was what the darkness wanted. Darkness,because that's what it had to be,this horrifying sickness in her veins.
She had no idea the time frame in which they struggled,but finally,oh finally,she could breathe and Brian very carefully eased his hold on her. "Sweetheart," he murmured,and there was so much love in that one word she could only just grasp it. "Breathe. I've got you."
When she lifted her head,she saw they were alone. No doubt the others weren't far away,and would come running to the rescue if called,but for now,it was just the two of them. Tears cascaded down her face,and he held her gently,cradling her to his big chest,rocking her. He ran one hand over her hair,combing out the tangles,and she could only cry harder at his attention. She didn't deserve it. She had completely lost control,had given in to the very thing they were here to defeat.
"How do you feel?" he asked a moment or so later.
"Scared," she whispered. "I-I couldn't control myself. The rage,it just took over." Her voice shook,and he kissed the top of her head.
"It's gone now," he soothed. "You're safe. Everyone is safe."
"For how long?" She pulled back and he let her,and she saw the sweat on his forehead,saw the tension in his pretty brown eyes. She had caused him pain,and it shamed her. "I'm so sorry," she whispered,and he pulled her back to him.
"You have nothing to be sorry for," he said. The fierce in his voice took her aback. "Nothing whatsoever. Gracie did this,not you."
"No." Honey pushed back against him. "She didn't. She was hurting you,and I got so angry,so furious,that the darkness,it just took over. I screamed at her and she disappeared,but then I couldn't stop it." Her voice shook. "I couldn't stop it."
He hugged her. "You were just protecting me,Honey. And it's over now. We got through it,together."
"It will come back," she said. When he started to disagree,she put a finger to his lips. "No,Brian. I know it will be back,because I can feel it inside me now." She closed her eyes. "I couldn't before. I just thought the darkness wasn't really real,that I wasn't part of some ancient cursed bloodline. But now I know:it's here. And I don't know if I'm strong enough to stop it again."
"You will be. You're strong,sweetie,stronger than you know you are. And you have me. I'm not going anywhere." He touched her cheek and she opened her eyes to look at him. "And the others,they have your back,too. Both of ours. I know that was scary. It scared me,too. But we have to keep going. We have to find the book. If it's not here,we keep looking,keep searching."
"How can you trust me after that,though? I could've hurt you." Tears welled in her eyes.
He leaned forward and kissed her,his mouth gentle on hers. "I trust you with my life," he whispered. "And if something did happen,I know it wouldn't really be you doing it. You're not going to scare me off. You and I are in this together,all the way."
There was a knock on the door,and then Jim stuck his head in. He looked relieved and stepped in,followed closely by the other three. Honey wasn't ready for any attention,and she could see the trepidation on Dan's face. He,at least,knew she wasn't safe.
"You okay?" Jim asked,his green eyes bright in his pale face.
"We're good," Brian said,giving Honey a squeeze.
"Yeah,you look it." Dan stepped closer,and shook his head. "You triggered the darkness,didn't you,sweetie?"
She couldn't do anything but nod,because they could see she wasn't feeling normal. She wasn't normal,not anymore. "I'm keeping it at bay,but it's there," she admitted.
Dan took a deep breath and looked at Jim. "We better find the damn book and get out of this house before something else happens."
"I know." Jim took a step closer to the bed. "Hon,I just want you to know that we still love you and trust you,okay? This doesn't change anything."
But it did. She could see it in their eyes. They had been telling themselves the darkness inside her might be a myth. Now that it wasn't,now that they could see the monster inside her,things changed. She didn't blame them. Jim wanted to keep Trixie safe. They all wanted to be safe. Safe from me,because now the disease is loose. That was the best comparison she could make. The dark residing in her flesh and blood was a sickness,eating its way through her. She rubbed at her arms,goosebumps pimpling them.
"She needs sleep," Brian said,using his best doctor's voice. "Everyone out."
"Maybe she should sleep in a separate room," Dan suggested. "She could hurt you."
"She won't. And she needs me," Brian said. His voice was cold. "Go."
Honey stared down at the bedsheets as the others filed out. The door closed with a soft click,and Brian got off the bed and walked over to it. She saw him wiggle the door knob. "You shouldn't lock it," she said,her voice soft. "Dan's right – I could hurt you."
Brian grumbled beneath his breath as he sat down next to her. He tipped her chin so he could see her face. "I'm not afraid of you," he said. "I am afraid of losing you,though. So you're stuck with me." He kissed her cheek. "Dan's paranoid."
She laughed a little. "No,he's just being sensible."
"Who wants that? We're living in a haunted house. Sensible doesn't fit us right now," he said,a smile in his voice. "Let's try and get some rest. It will make you feel better."
"Will it?" She shook her head when he looked wounded. "I'm sorry. I know you mean well,B. I'm just,I can't sleep right now." The dark was clawing around inside her – if she went to sleep,or tried to,no telling what might happen.
"You can't stay awake all night. It's not good for you."
"What's inside me isn't good for you,either. If I try to sleep,it might get control again," she told him. "I can't chance that."
His eyes softened,and he cradled her face in his hands. She tried to resist,but he was insistent,and soon their mouths were melded together,and hot sunlight shot through her body,warming every single cold place. His mouth tasted like molten sunshine,and she couldn't get enough of it,of him. He tilted her head back a little and she gasped as he deepened their contact,their tongues touching and then dancing around one another. He slowed the kiss,and she sighed against his mouth,lost in the way he made her feel.
When he finally eased back,he touched his forehead to hers. "I'm not going anywhere,sweetheart. I care about you. You won't scare me off." He rubbed her back,ran a hand over her neck muscles,massaging them.
Her eyes were heavy,and she closed them,giving herself over to his administrations. He murmured to her,words that she knew would be comforting and kind,if only she could focus on them,but all his low,soft voice did was make her sleepy. Soon,she drifted off.
When she awoke the next morning,Brian was again gone. She stretched out and rolled onto her back. She doubted Trixie would come find her this morning;she knew Jim wouldn't want his wife alone with her in case something happened. She didn't blame him – the dark inside her was frightening.
"Hey." Brian pushed the door open and walked in. He had a coffee mug in his hand,and she sat up and took it from him,sighing in happiness. He flashed a grin at her. "I thought you'd need that," he said. "How do you feel?"
She sipped the coffee and thought,not wanting to answer out of habit. He would see past a "fine" or "okay," anyway. "I'm scared," she admitted. "I don't know what will happen if it gets away from me."
"Even if it does,I can help you," he assured her.
"How did you do it last night?"
He shrugged. "Just kept forcing light into you,and warmth." He touched her hand. "You're always so cold."
"Maybe that's the darkness." She sipped some more. "I know the others are wary of me now." She couldn't quite hide the hurt in her voice.
"They are,but it's not because they're afraid of you," he said. "They just don't want the darkness to hurt you." He smiled. "Why don't you take a shower and get dressed,and we'll start looking again. Dan and Bobby went to the library to see if they can find any blueprints."
"Okay." She set aside the mug and got up,gathering clothes to take to the bathroom with her. Brian walked her down and gave her a kiss.
"See you soon," he said. She nodded and stepped into the bathroom. Turning the shower on,she undressed and stepped into the hot stream of water. Letting it cascade down over her hair and face,she tilted her head back. The heat was amazing on her cold body,and she closed her eyes,reveling in it.
He's no good for you.
Her eyes flew open and she looked around,startled. Where had those words come from? Something icy touched her arm. You know the truth – he's only holding you back. Someone giggled,and Honey could feel terror and panic ripping through her chest. She quickly finished showering and got out,drying off while casting frantic glances around the room. Once done,she hurried from the room and ran up the stairs to their bedroom,unwilling to leave her pjs in the bathroom.
"Honey?" Brian was in the room,studying a book. He set it aside when she rushed in and hurried to hug her. "You're shaking. What happened?" he asked.
"I-I'm not sure. I heard a voice,inside my head,but it wasn't me talking," she told him. She snuggled in against him. "I think it was Gracie."
"I don't like the sound of that. What did she say?"
"She said you aren't good for me,that you're holding me back." She tilted her back so she could look up at him. "How can she do that? How can she be inside my head?"
"She was a Conjurer," he said,sighing. "That must've been part of her power." He hugged her tight and then let go. "And I don't know why she'd say that about me – I mean,she and Brian were engaged. They were going to be married." He frowned. "Unless she doesn't want what happened to her happening to you."
"But that doesn't make sense,either. I mean,she's the one who jumped,not Brian."
"But only after he drowned. Her grief drove her mad."
Honey thought about that. "So she wants to hurt you now? I mean,that would drive me mad too,if something happened to you." She met his eyes. "That's why the darkness got a foothold inside me. She was strangling you. I saw you choking,and I snapped. The rage took over."
"Maybe she wanted that to happen," he said. "Maybe she wants to use you,use the darkness. She ended her own life,and maybe now she wants revenge."
"On you?"
Brian nodded,a solemn look on his face. "Maybe she's angry that her Brian left her,even though I'm sure he didn't want to."
"I'm not helping her hurt you." She was adamant. "I would never hurt you."
He hugged her again,wrapping her up in arms like steel. "I know you'd never do it willingly,sweetheart,but we've seen her power. We just have to be careful."
She sucked in a sharp breath and buried her head against his strong chest. If that was why Gracie was inside her head,because she wanted to control the darkness,how did she fight her? I'm not going to hurt Brian. I'm not going to hurt any of them. Do you hear me,Gracie? I will not help you hurt him. I'll protect him against you,no matter what I have to do!
The door opened,and she jumped. Brian kissed her forehead. "What's up?" he asked.
"Peter Kimball is here," Jim said. He sounded wary. Honey pulled back from Brian and turned her head so she could see him. He gave her a quick smile. "He wants to talk to you,Hon."
"Okay." But she was nervous. Why was he here? She knew he was from Cobbett's Island,but he also worked with Edward Creech's Conjurer group. Her heart beat hard as she got off the bed and walked to the door.
"Don't worry. We're not letting him talk to you alone," Jim reassure her. She nodded and followed him downstairs,Brian right behind her.
Peter was waiting in the living room,Trixie keeping a watchful eye on him. Jim sat down beside her on the couch and gestured to him. "Go ahead."
Honey sat down in one of the big armchairs,Brian perching next to her on the arm. Peter cleared his throat. "Thank you for seeing me. I know this is odd,me coming to visit you." He waited,as if they would disagree,and then said,"I know all about the history of the Moorings,about how Brian drowned and Gracie threw herself off the catwalk. It's a favorite story among the locals."
"They aren't happy to have Honey here," Trixie said,frowning.
"No,I can imagine they wouldn't." Peter glanced at Honey. "They think you being here is going to stir up Gracie's spirit,cause her to be destructive."
"Why should that matter to them? They don't live here," Brian said.
Peter gave him a quizzical look. "You know she's not bound here,right? She can leave the house. They're all afraid of her."
Honey gasped. "She can leave? But how?"
"You're here. She's drawing her power from you," Peter said. "At first,anyway. Now,she's probably strong enough she doesn't need you,or anyone. That's why the islanders have been so hostile." He paused,pointed out the front windows. "You and Bobby saved a guy from drowning,right?"
"Bobby did," she said. "I wasn't much help."
"But you were out there," Peter said. "You think his accident was really just that?"
"You think Gracie flipped his kayak to draw Honey out?" Jim asked. He shook his head. "That's pretty far-fetched,Kimball."
"Is it? Bobby might've gone out there,but she did,too. And unless she's a super hero swimmer,my guess is she struggled and could've drowned." Peter's voice was hard.
"How the hell do you know what happened out there,anyway?" Brian asked. There was a low pitched growl to his tone.
Peter barked out a short laugh. "That was my brother they saved. And by the way,I'm sorry he wasn't more grateful. He is a good swimmer,but I appreciate that you guys went out after him. But he said the water heaved up under his kayak and dumped him. He told me he knew it was something supernatural."
They were all quiet after that. Honey was struggling to take it all in,to find some kind of level in the upheaval of Peter's news. Brian put his hand on her shoulder and squeezed. She warmer now,due to his empath powers,but the thought that Gracie was free to come and go as she pleased was horrifying,and even the warmth Brian flooded her with wasn't quite enough to chase out all the chill from her bones.
"So what do we do?" Brian asked a few moments later. "How do we defeat her?"
"You're here looking for the book Silas wrote,right? Trying to get rid of the evil inside Honey?" Peter said.
"We are," Jim confirmed. "Can you help us with that?"
"I might be able to." Peter took a breath. "But it'll be dangerous. See,Gracie wasn't in her right mind when she committed suicide. No one ever is,of course. And now,she's face-to-face with Honey,who looks just like her and is dating another Brian Belden. She wants revenge. She wants both of you dead."
"How can you be sure about that?" Trixie asked.
"She tried to drown Honey,right? I mean," Peter looked at Honey,"I know Dan saved you,but if he hadn't come to your rescue,you wouldn't have made it. My brother could see that. Once she had you out of the way,she would've gone after Brian."
"She tried pushing me off the catwalk the first night we were here," Honey confessed. "Brian saved me. And yes,if Dan hadn't been there,I would've drowned." She shuddered,felt Brian's hand tighten on her shoulder.
"She tried to strangle me last night," Brian said. "Honey stopped her."
Peter sat up straighter. "How?"
She hated to admit this. "The darkness inside me,it took over. I was so angry,so downright furious,that she fled. But I had a hard time bringing it under control."
"Damn." Peter sighed. "She wants you to lose control,Honey. She wants to use that evil against everyone. The islanders,you see,they were always afraid of the Moorings and those who lived here. The whole house is tainted. Ten men lost their lives in various accidents while working on it. Now,with Gracie gaining power,she's looking to destroy the island. I can guarantee it. She wants revenge on it for all those years of being mistreated by the people who lived here."
"Great," Jim said,huffing out a sigh. "So do you know where the book is?"
"I can help you look."
"Why did you come?" Brian asked. "I mean,you work with Edward. So why bother trying to help us? Why not let Gracie get what she wants?"
"Because of her." Peter nodded at Honey. "She doesn't deserve any of this. She didn't even know who she was when she showed up in Sleepyside. And I feel sorry for her. For all of you." He shrugged. "It's not any more complicated than that."
"Creech know you're here?" Trixie asked.
"No." He shook his head. "If you remember,your father and Creech wanted Honey dead."
Honey shivered and Brian wrapped his right arm around her. "So we need to get looking,then," she said. "The sooner we find it,the sooner we can put this behind us,right?"
Peter nodded. "But don't think it's just a matter of finding the book now. Gracie will need to be stopped."
"How?" Jim asked. "The book can do that?"
"I don't know. It might take all of us to put her down for good. But you can see it has to be done."
"Let's get looking,then," Brian said. "And thank you for coming to warn us. I'm grateful." He kissed the top of Honey's head.
"I couldn't stand by,not after what my brother told me." Peter shook his head. "I might work with Edward,but I'm not a bad guy."
Everyone got to their feet,and Honey tried to quell the nausea roiling in her stomach. She leaned on Brian,needing him more than anything right then. If they were going to succeed,she knew he would have to be strong for her,and she would have to be his anchor. The only way any of them was getting out of this alive was standing together.

I don't own Trixie and Co.
Thank you to those reviewing - it does mean a lot to me. You get some more backstory on why Brian and Bobby don't get along in this chapter - enjoy:-)
WICKED
CHAPTER SEVEN:
They split up to search the house,Peter going with Honey and Brian. She suspected he really just wanted to keep tabs on her,but she was okay with that. The disease inside her was spreading – she'd take all the backup she could get. Jim and Trixie had gone into one of the closed-off rooms off the living room,while they had gone to the one locked door on the second floor. When it hadn't yielded,Brian had kicked it open.
Now she stood looking up at a tall bookshelf,and hoping to find the book Silas had written. Peter and Brian were on the other side of the room,tackling the huge bookshelves there. She let out a small sigh and started going through the books one at a time. Many of them were old,the spines faded,the titles near-illegible. They were sturdy in her hand,though,as she pulled each one down to look through it. This will take hours. I wish there was a faster way. She flipped the book open and glanced through it,not seeing anything of relevance.
There was a sharp rap on the door and Dan walked in. Spotting her,he walked over and said,"I think we've got a lead."
"That's wonderful," she said. "What did you find?"
"We found the blueprints for the house." He nodded toward the door. "If you guys want to come downstairs,we can lay them out. There are some secret rooms and passageways that we'll need to check out." He glanced at Brian and scowled when he saw Peter. "You let him help you?"
"We need all the help we can get," she said. "Did Jim tell you guys what was going on?"
"That it was his brother you two wanted to rescue? Yeah." His voice was flat,and he leaned close to her. "Don't ever let your guard down around Kimball."
Brian walked over and said,"What's going on?"
"Dan said they found blueprints for the house," Honey told him.
"And I told her not to let her guard down around him," Dan said,jerking his head toward Peter. "I don't trust him."
Brian sighed. "I'm beginning to think you don't trust anyone."
Dan shrugged. "Come on." He started toward the door.
Peter ambled over to the other two. "They find anything at the library?"
"Blueprints for the house," Brian said. He put his hand on the small of Honey's back and started her toward the door. Peter fell in behind them,and Honey wasn't sure if she was comfortable with him back there,but tried not to dwell on it. Just because Dan didn't trust the big blond didn't mean he wasn't trustworthy.
Jim,Trixie,and Bobby were already in the living room,studying the plans. Bobby flashed a smile at Honey and gave her a hug. "You hanging in there?" he whispered.
"I'm okay," she murmured,but saw from the quick frown that passed his face he wasn't buying it.
"Look," Dan said,pointing at the papers laid out on the coffee table. "There are four secret rooms,and two different interior passageways. We need to split up and check them out."
"You don't think there are other rooms that they didn't put on here?" Jim asked,glancing at him.
Dan frowned. "I guess there could be,yeah. But it seems like they'd radiate off the two passageways,so we'd find them."
"Let's get looking,then," Brian said. He took Honey's hand and gave it a squeeze. "We'll take the passageway through the second floor."
"I'll go with you," Peter said at once,and Brian narrowed his gaze on him.
"Why?"
"If Gracie is here,and tries something,it will be against you two," Peter told him. "I can help protect you."
Dan snorted. "I think I'll go with them. We don't need you here for this." He turned away.
Peter scowled. "You don't understand. They need all the help they can get. You don't know how vicious Gracie could get."
"I do understand." Dan turned to face him,and there was thunder in his dark expression. He glanced at Honey. "She's got something black and evil inside her,and we need to expel it. Gracie is using her to get what she wants,which is revenge. The sooner we figure out how to take care of the dark and get rid of Gracie,the faster we can get off this island and move on with our lives." He huffed out a breath. "But you're not part of this group,and I don't trust you."
"All right,enough," Jim said,shaking his head. "Peter came all the way here to help us,so he's staying." He crossed his arms over his chest and met Peter's eyes. "But the second I think you're just here to cause trouble for us,you're leaving."
"So you don't trust me,either." Peter sighed. "Fine,if that's the way you want to play it." He looked at Brian. "We should start searching before Gracie does something else."
When Brian hesitated,Honey said,"Peter's right. We don't know how much of a reprieve she'll give us." She tugged on Brian's hand,and he gave her a searching look. "It's okay. I trust him to help us."
Dan scoffed. "You want to trust someone who helped kidnap you?"
Honey took a breath and let it out before meeting his flashing dark eyes. "Well,I trusted you after you were about to kill me when we fought Creech's group,so I guess I can extend the same courtesy to Peter,unless he proves me wrong." Her voice was quiet,but none of them could miss the steel underlying it.
Dan's attitude deflated,and he nodded. "You're right." He looked at Peter. "I'm sorry."
Peter shrugged. "It's okay. But we really need to find that book,so let's get looking."
Honey followed Brian out of the living room and they climbed the stairs to the second floor. The blueprints showed a passageway between the walls just past the room Bobby was staying in,and Brian felt along the wall until he found a small bump. Giving Honey a quick reassuring look,he pressed and there was a deep groaning noise as the wall broke apart.
"Wow." Brian looked down at her. "You sure you want to do this? I can go look."
"I want to look," she said and he nodded and stepped into the passageway. It was very narrow,so narrow he had to turn sideways to get his shoulders through. Honey had an easier time of it,but Peter also had to turn sideways. The air was chilled and still managed to smell musty,and she wrinkled her nose as she followed along behind Brian.
"Here's something," he said and stopped,reaching up over his head. He hit a switch,and pushed on the wall. It gave way,and he stepped into a room. Honey stuck her head in. The room was small,but there were bookshelves all along its walls,and she hurried over to one of them. As she reached for a book,there was a loud screech,and the large shelf pulled away from the wall. Honey gasped and put her arms up as she started backing away from it.
"Honey!" Brian's cry reached her only a second or so before he did. He ran by her,catching her up in his right arm and half-carrying her to the door of the room. The shelf crashed to the floor,sending up a huge cloud of dust. He set her down and put his hands on her shoulders,looking intently into her eyes. "Sweetheart? Are you okay? Did it hit you at all?"
She shook her head,the movement slow. Raising her eyes,she stared up into his,and saw the frantic concern there. "I-I'm okay," she murmured. "Thank you."
He hugged her to him,rubbing a hand down her back. "I've had it with this place," he growled.
Honey shuddered against him,and he held her tighter. She'd had it with the place,too,and the spirit causing problems for them. But they couldn't leave – not only did they have to rid her of the black inside her,but now they had to somehow defeat Gracie. And the spirit was growing stronger and more vindictive every day.
"If you're all right,we should get that shelf up and search through the books that were on it," Peter said.
Honey nodded and started to pull back from Brian. He was reluctant to let her go,but she gave him what she hoped was a reassuring smile before turning back to the fallen shelf. Peter and Brian picked it up and set it against the wall,and they started going through the books on the floor. Brian brushed her hand when they reached for the same book,and her heart stuttered at the look of concern and love in his dark eyes. "You okay?" he whispered.
She nodded,not able to find her voice right then. She knew they were falling hard for one another,and it looked like they had been destined to be together all along. He touched her cheek,his long fingers gentle on her soft skin. "I'm okay," she murmured,not sure if he bought it. He didn't.
"I'm sorry this keeps happening," he said,his voice low. "I want to keep you safe." There was frustration in his deep voice,and she shuddered and took hold of his hand,squeezing it.
"You are," she said. "It's not your fault Gracie is doing this."
"Hey."
They both turned at Peter's harsh voice. "You want all this to go away?" He swept a hand around the room. "We need to find the book." He shot them a disgruntled look and turned to another book shelf.
Brian scowled and opened his mouth,but Honey put a finger to his lips. "He's right," she whispered and moved away,reaching to grab another book off the floor. She heard him grumble beneath his breath and had to hide a smile. While his protective nature would irritate some of her New York City friends,she found it endearing and welcome,especially considering what was happening around them.
An hour later,they finally conceded that there was nothing of any value in the secret room,and they moved out into the hallway. Peter led this time,and a short distance down the hall he found a second room. Stepping in,he reached out and waved the other two forward. Honey went in,and an intense sense of hatred stopped her cold. She sucked in a sharp breath,causing Peter to turn and look at her. Brian put his hand on her shoulder.
"Sweetheart?" he asked,his voice quiet. "What is it?"
She couldn't speak. The sense of fury was too overwhelming,and she tried to take a step back. Brian's hand tightened on her shoulder,and he drew her back against his chest,wrapping an arm around her.
Peter tried to move toward them,but Honey could see he couldn't. She opened her mouth,but nothing would come out. A slow wail keened through the room,blowing her hair around her face. She tried to push it back but found she couldn't move at all. Brian tried to draw her out of the room,but he couldn't move either. All they could do was huddle together in the doorway while the noise deafened them,shrieking and screaming. Peter had a look of irritation on his face,but she couldn't find any terror in his blue eyes.
It stopped,almost on a point,and she gasped in air,realizing she'd been holding her breath the entire time. Brian gave her a strong hug and moved into the room. "Do you think the book is here?" he asked,his voice hushed in the sudden quiet of the room.
"Could be. Gracie doesn't like us being here," Peter said. "Come on." He crossed to a book shelf. There wasn't much else in the room,but as Honey followed Brian,she glanced toward the wall to the left. There was picture there,of the Moorings,and she made her way to it,her breath catching in her chest.
Gracie and a young dark-haired man stood in front of the massive house,arms around one another. They look so happy. Pain shot through her chest as she thought of what Gracie must've gone through after her fiancé drowned. I can't imagine what I'd do if something happened to Brian. She reached out to touch the picture,and something shoved her,sending her careening into the wall. Smacking her forehead on the edge of the heavy wood frame,she cried out as light exploded in front of her eyes. A cold hand wrapped around her neck,and she found herself pushed down to the floor.
"Stop!" Brian yelled and Honey felt his hands grip her shoulders as he tried to pull her upright. But Gracie,because that's who it had to be,was too strong,and she shoved Honey's head hard to the floor,smacking it against the hardwood floor. She could feel something trickling down her forehead as Gracie lifted her head and banged it down again.
"Brian," she said,struggling not to pass out.
"Gracie,stop!" Brian commanded as he tried to pull Honey from the floor.
"Leave us!" Peter yelled,and he too tried to help get Honey to her feet.
Gracie,please stop! Please, Honey pleaded in her mind.
I told you he's holding you back. But you won't listen, a voice whispered in her mind. Maybe you'll listen now….
Honey tried to push herself up. She could feel Brian and Peter's hands on her,and prayed they could somehow fight Gracie's hold. Her head was screaming and the liquid trickling down her face was increasing. She knew it was blood,but tried not to focus on that,or she feared she'd pass out. Gracie's icy hands on her neck were so cold they burned her skin,and she couldn't help but whimper from the pain.
"Honey,stay awake," Brian ordered. A sudden shot of sunshine pierced through her,and she gasped as it seemed to weaken Gracie's hold on her. The wailing sound came back,louder than before,and again Brian filled her body with light and warmth. Gracie's fingers weakened,and with a loud screeching sound,the icy hands disappeared. Honey sucked in a deep breath and choked on it,and Brian hauled her up into his arms and held her tight to his chest. He mumbled something she couldn't focus on,and walked toward the door.
"Belden,I know you're upset,but we've got to find—"
Brian turned,and Honey could feel the animosity radiating off him. "She's hurt,Kimball. You want to keep looking,be my guest. I'm taking care of her." He headed toward the door and moved out into the hallway. It was tight;he had to turn sideways. She tried to touch her forehead and he made a slight growling noise. "Don't,sweetheart. It's bleeding,but not too bad. I'll get you patched up as soon as we get downstairs."
"Thank you," she whispered,and he gave her a tight squeeze. Her whole head throbbed.
"We've got to figure out a way to keep her from attacking you," he said. They got out to the main hallway and he headed toward the stairs. When she started to say something,he said,"Shh,love. You need to rest."
She knew she did,but she wanted to be part of any conversation on how to deal with Gracie. "We need the book," she murmured.
He shot her a frown. "I know. But first we need you patched up. She worked you over pretty good." There was fury in his voice,and she decided to stay quiet. They got down the stairs and he carried her into the living room and carefully set her down on the couch. "Be right back," he said and headed out of the room.
She lay back on the couch and tried not to feel exposed. Was Gracie still upstairs,harassing Peter? Or was she moving through the house,looking for other trouble to cause? Brian was back a few minutes later,with a wet washcloth and a handful of bandaging material. She tried to sit up,but he put a hand on her right shoulder and eased her back.
"Just relax," he said,and gently began cleaning up her forehead. She could see the anger tempered with concern in his dark eyes,and he gave her a quick smile,though it didn't reach his eyes. "It's going to be okay," he murmured. "It's not deep at all."
"That's good," she whispered. He used a couple of band aides and then kissed her wound.
"Here,take these," he said,and handed her a couple of ibuprofen and a glass of water. She swallowed them down,and he ran a hand over her head. "I'm starting to agree with Dan – maybe it would be better for you to go back to Sleepyside."
"No." She gave an adamant shake of her head,and immediately regretted it. Pain flashed across her eyes and she shuddered.
"What happened?" Bobby's voice cut through the room,and Honey opened her eyes to see him leaning over the back of the couch. "Honey bee?"
"Gracie went after her," Brian said.
"You didn't protect her?" Bobby's voice cooled.
"He did," Honey said,not wanting Brian to feel bad.
"Yeah,looks like it." Bobby pulled back and straightened.
Brian's face darkened,and his eyes snapped. "You know damn well I'm protecting her."
Bobby crossed his arms over his chest. "Oh yes,the amazing Doctor Belden would never ever make any mistakes,or let anyone to get hurt." His blue eyes were hard steel. "Right?"
Honey looked at her boyfriend,and saw pain move through his eyes. "That was a long time ago,Bobby." He sounded resigned.
"Try telling that to Sarah's family."
"Bobby,stop," Honey said. "Who is Sarah? What happened?" She looked at Brian,whose shoulders slumped forward and he sighed.
"Yeah,big bro,tell her all about the last girl you were dating," Bobby said.
Brian huffed out a deep breath. "I used to date Sarah Miller," he said,his voice low. "She and I were close. She wasn't a Conjurer." He stopped,and Honey could see the pain in his eyes again. "We were hiking,in upper state New York,with some friends. There was a rope bridge that she really wanted to cross,but I thought it wasn't safe. I told her we should stay off of it,and go around."
Honey reached out and took hold of his hand,squeezing it. "Brian,you don't have to tell me," she said.
He gave her a sad smile. "No,Bobby's right. I have the reputation of always being right,of always doing the right thing. But not with Sarah. She was insistent that we cross it,and she was teasing me about being scared,and so I gave in,and we started across. It seemed okay,and she took off,running. It started swaying,and I tried calling her back,but she was headstrong,and she didn't listen." He lowered his head. "We were only seventeen,about to become seniors." His voice dropped to a whisper. "I knew it was going to break,and I knew I couldn't reach her in time. I barely made it back to safety before the ropes snapped."
Honey let out a soft breath. "She died?"
"No." Brian gave a firm shake of his head. "It was a lower bridge. But she fell into the creek,about ten feet,and hit her head hard on the rocks. We got her out before she drowned,but she had suffered brain damage. She was never the same after that." Brian pulled his hand from Honey's grasp. "Her parents were great,didn't blame me at all. Everyone that was with us told them I tried to call Sarah back."
"But you still blame yourself," Honey whispered. She glanced at Bobby,who was scowling. "Bobby,that obviously wasn't his fault," she added,her voice harsh. "Why would you bring that up?"
"I bring it up to remind him he's not perfect. And he should've tried harder to save her," Bobby said,a growl in his voice. "He talks big about protecting you,but you've almost fallen off the catwalk,almost drowned,and now Gracie's hurt you." He looked at his older brother. "So he can talk all he wants to about keeping you safe,but I'm not seeing it. I think I should stay with you."
Honey pushed herself up,her eyes snapping. "That's not fair,and you know it. He wasn't with me those first two times,and Gracie is strong. And she was invisible. How was he supposed to see her?" She touched Brian's face,and he lifted his eyes to hers. "That wasn't your fault,B. She made the choice to keep going. I know you. You would never put anyone in harm's way,especially someone you cared about."
He tried to smile,but it didn't make it all the way across his face. "Thanks,sweetheart. But he's right – I should've gone out after her. I might've been able to reach her,to pull her back."
"What are you guys doing?" Trixie approached them,a frown on her face. "Are my two idiot brothers fighting?"
"Brian was just telling Honey about Sarah," Bobby said.
"Oh,for the love of – Hon,what happened to you?" Trixie's voice took on a note of horror. "Did Gracie do this?" She studied Honey's face,flinching.
"She did," Brian said. "I couldn't stop her."
Honey frowned. "It wasn't your fault. You know that." She looked at Trixie. "I'm okay. She's just angry with me,with us. And Bobby brought Sarah up to make Brian feel bad about what's been happening,which is just stupid. Brian would never let anything hurt me if he could help it." She skewered Bobby with a death look on the last few words,but he merely shrugged a big shoulder at her.
Trixie put her hands on her hips and glared at Bobby. "Honey's right. Brian is one of the most protective people I know,unlike some others."
"What's that supposed to mean?" Bobby snapped.
"You know what it means," Trixie said. "Go on,if you're into telling stories right now,and tell Honey about your trip out west. You know,when you went surfing."
Bobby's eyes iced down. "That wasn't my fault. There was nothing I could do to save that girl. I told you that. Brian could've gone after Sarah. There was a chance he could've saved her."
"Wait." Honey held up a hand. She took a couple of breaths. "I think we're getting off-track here. We need to find the book,because Gracie is getting more dangerous. I don't need to know what has happened in the past." She put her hand on Brian's arm,and he tried another smile for her. "We're all in this together,right? And you guys are family."
"Yeah,a family where the oldest brother can never do anything wrong." Bobby turned away. "Be careful,honey bee. I don't want you to get hurt again." He left the room,and Honey looked at Trixie,who threw up her hands in disgust.
"I'm sorry,Brian," she said. "He has no right to bring up Sarah when he has his own history."
"It's okay." Brian shrugged and got to his feet. "Honey,I do think you should stay here and rest. Trix,where are Jim and Dan?"
"Going through the secret rooms we found. We haven't found anything yet," she said,frustration in her voice. "Do you think the book could be where you guys were? Since Gracie was being so territorial?"
"There's a good chance,yeah," Brian said. "Why don't you stay here with Honey,and I'll go check in with Peter." He bent and kissed Honey's forehead. "Take it easy,sweetheart. I'll be back soon to check on you."
She nodded and waited until he'd left the room before saying,"Okay,Trix. What history does Bobby have? And why does Sarah bother him so much?"
Trixie sat down on the couch next to her. "Well,Bobby liked Sarah's younger sister,Melanie,but after Sarah was injured,Melanie wouldn't have anything to do with our family,and she was pretty nasty to Bobby,too. So that's always been a sore spot."
"That has nothing to do with Brian,though. I mean,Brian would never let someone get hurt if he could help it."
"I know." Trixie sighed. "And as for Bobby's surfing incident,he had taken a trip out west when he was twenty. He wanted to surf up and down the coast. Brian told him he shouldn't go alone,that he needed someone to watch his back,you know,to keep him safe. They had a huge fight before Bobby left. He met up with some others out there who were chasing the waves too,and joined up with them. There was a storm coming in,and a bunch of them went out anyway,including this girl Bobby was getting pretty fond of. The waves were getting really big,and everyone else headed in,except for him and this girl. Anyway,he told us after it happened that she was riding the wave,doing really well,and then she fell. He couldn't get to her because of the high swells. Which we all believe him. I mean,none of my brothers would ever leave someone in danger." She took in a soft breath and exhaled. "Anyway,he came home later that summer,and was even bitterer about Sarah,because he said Brian had the chance to save her,and he hadn't had the chance to save Ally."
"But that doesn't mean that what happened is Brian's fault," Honey argued.
Trixie nodded. "I know. But Brian is so serious,and took Sarah's fall hard. Bobby just exacerbated his guilt." She glanced out the huge windows. "Ever since then,Brian has been really overprotective of anyone he considers his – his family and close friends,and now,you." Trixie smiled at her. "You're so good for him. I knew you would be."
Honey bit her lip. "But me getting hurt is only hurting him,though. I mean,he's saved me from Gracie,but I know he thinks he needs to do better. And that's not his fault. She's a spirit,and she's strong."
"Don't worry. We're going to make sure you two stay safe," Trixie assured her.
"Hey." Jim came into the room,followed by Dan. "We thought you were coming back." He stopped and got a closer look at Honey's face. "Hon,what happened?"
"I'm okay. Gracie went a little crazy," she said. "She helped my head meet the floor a few times."
"What?" Dan moved closer and bent down to inspect her wound. "Brian thinks you're okay?"
"He said the wound isn't very deep," she assured him. "He went back upstairs to help Peter. We think the book might be in the room where Gracie attacked me. It was really cold,and I could feel her hatred for Brian and me." Her voice wavered a little,and Trixie took her hand and gave it a squeeze. "And then Bobby and Brian got into it."
"Let me guess:Bobby brought up Sarah," Dan said,shaking his head.
"Yes."
"He really needs to let that go." Dan sat down on the chair closest to them,while Jim sat on the floor at Trixie's feet. "How did you get away from Gracie?" Dan asked.
"Brian used his empath powers to fill me with heat and light," Honey said. "She didn't like that,and fled."
"Nice." Jim leaned back against the couch. "No doubt about it,we need to get rid of her before we leave. We can't go and leave the island to her."
"No," Trixie said,nodding. "And hopefully the book will let us know what we can do to get rid of her."
They heard someone approaching the room,and Brian and Peter walked in. Peter was holding a book in his hand,and he was smiling. "We're in luck. This is Moore's book he wrote." He looked down at Honey. "You okay?"
"I'm good," she said quickly,trying to reassure Brian,who was giving her a worried look. "Really,I'm okay."
"Let's see the book," Dan said,holding out his hand for it. Peter held it for a few moments,as if not sure he could trust Dan with it,but finally handed it over. Dan flipped it open and then flipped through the pages. "Lots of spells in here,so maybe we can find one to use on Gracie." He looked up,met Honey's eyes. "And find one to cure you,sweetie."
"Let's hope so." Brian sat down near Honey's feet,and she leaned forward to wrap her arms around him,hugging his chest hard. "Hey," he whispered,kissing her cheek. "Maybe this is it."
She nodded and snuggled into him as close as she could as the others began discussing what they could do with the book,and hoped that this would be the start to the end of their problems.
